==============================
VIDEO 001 — 5_000_000_With_Day_Trading_At_23-[fmLqRceJaYU]
==============================

five million dollars that's how much i've made through day trading at the age of 23
and just like most of you guys and just like every other trader i went through a bunch of trial and
error to be able to get to where i'm at in fact it took over two years of making mistakes learning
lessons and trying to overcome all the mistakes in order to turn profit in this video i'm going
to give you guys my full blueprint so you guys can literally just copy me let's get into it so
obviously like i was saying everything wasn't just sunshine and rainbows when i first started
trading in fact it was actually one of the worst periods of my life but i feel like every single
successful person has to go through this rock bottom period in order to make it to where they
are at now similar to me when i first started trading i immediately jumped into a live account
i instantly lost all the money that i put into the account because i didn't understand leverage
i didn't understand risk management and i had no strategy whatsoever i was just like yeah stocks
go up so i place a buy position and then what do you know guess what the stock ended up actually
going up and then it went up and then it went up and then it went up and then it went up and then
it went up and then it went up and then it went up and then it went up and then it went up and then
it went down for that day and i ended up losing a whole bunch of money and just like all of you
guys i'm sure that you guys were brought into day trading for the one reason of i want to make a
ridiculous amount of money and i'm seeing all of these day traders online on youtube with the cars
the lifestyle the watches all of this crazy and you're just like man i want to be just like
them and i was the same exact way maybe you guys are thinking that while watching my vlogs or
youtube videos well guess what newsflash that is actually not what day trading is
all about um it can be an awesome byproduct of day trading and it can be an awesome reward of
day trading but we need to understand the skill of day trading first and that's where i went wrong
for literally the first two years of trying to understand day trading was i would my one and
only goal was to make money and that is actually the biggest mistake that you guys can make when
coming into day trading is just thinking money money money how can i make as much money as
possible because it will lead you to try and get rich quick and as we know getting rich quick
it is literally impossible unless you are the luckiest person on the planet so these are some
of the mistakes that i made when i was first getting into trading um first thing was literally
watching every single day trading youtuber and not even focusing on the technicals not even
focusing on the fundamentals but focusing on their lifestyle i was like man that car is so sweet
man this dude's making so much money and i wasn't learning anything so that's the first thing that
i'm sure a lot of you guys are getting roped into is you're just like man this lifestyle is so cool
guys are completely overlooking the basic and the fundamentals and the technicals of what day
trading is all about and what actually led these people to be able to be in the position that
they're in today so that was really the first three months of my day trading career was just
watching this edutainment which is a new form of entertainment nowadays where you guys see people
like me you guys see people that are super successful in all these other side hustles and
you're watching their vlogs and you're like man these guys are awesome they're living the life
but you guys are not
focusing on the videos that actually are giving the value to the audience to help them get to
where we have gone and that's exactly what i want to do this video is to help you guys
stay away from all that lifestyle crazy content and help you guys actually get to where you guys
want to go because prior to all of this i sucked at trading and i was getting into the same that
you guys were were getting into and maybe you guys would watch an education video here and
there and you guys were like okay cool i'm going to try it out and then you try it out for like
six months and then you lose all your money and you're like man i suck at this i'm going to go try
something else well again like i was saying there's no such thing as getting rich quick
and that's just the sad reality of like um success comes from a lot of hard decisions and
putting in a lot of hard work and being very disciplined and consistent that stuff that other
people aren't willing to do and in turn because you're willing to do stuff that other people
aren't willing to do you are going to get results that other people aren't able to have
so when i first started i was doing the absolute bare minimum
and wondering hey where are my rewards i was losing thousands of dollars i was putting in
little to no effort and i really wanted to make it work but i didn't actually realize what i had to
do in order to actually make it happen and that was really the first three to six months of my day
trading career was putting in little to no effort and then i came across a video or a book actually
by mark douglas which is trading in the zone and this helped me shift and i highly recommend all
of you guys read that book it changed the way that i looked at trading forever essentially it
changed the way that i thought about trading and it actually put things into perspective for me that
okay i actually have to be consistent there's a book and there's a movie i think it used to be
on netflix it's called the secret this was talking about the law of attraction and manifestation and
i took all of these things to heart so trading in the zone and the secret law of attraction and
manifestation i took all of this to heart and i actually started putting in work i started
in my life i said man i want to be like all of these famous and rich day traders that are making
a whole bunch of money from trading and i would write down all the steps and all the goals
necessary in order for me to be able to get to these end goals obviously i still stuck to trading
when i first started writing these things down but i was making progress and that's really where
my day trading journey started because prior to that i was just making mistake after mistake
after mistake and i wasn't correcting them because i was just so focused on hey i want to
make money right the freak now i want to make money today and that is just not how day trading
works you guys have to put in consistent work and consistent and consistent efforts that other
people aren't willing to do in order to get results that other people aren't able to achieve
because of the work that they've done so this right here pretty much encapsulates what i was
doing within this period and within this first three to six month period i was losing a whole
bunch of money i was over leveraging i was over trading and my mindset was
i was trading emotionally i was trading with greed i was trading with fear because
deep down my subconscious i knew that i wasn't good at the skill of trading
and in turn i would end up cutting my profits too early i would end up dropping my stop loss
and letting my losses run forever because i just wanted the trade to go in my direction
and i had no sort of plan in front of me on how i was able to succeed within trading until i
actually understood that hey this is going to be a long difficult journey
i have to be willing to do the work that other people aren't willing to do now i'm sure a lot of
you guys are in the same exact position that i was in back when i was getting into trading where
i was like man i'm at this weird position in my life i'm about to go into college or for me i was
in high school but i was a junior in high school and i was thinking about college in my future and
as you guys know when you guys are in high school every single person is like hey where are you
going to go to college what are you going to do what are you trying to pursue what's the major
into and for me during that time i was just thinking i'm going to make a ridiculous amount
of money but i don't know how and i don't know what i'm going to tell these people
because college doesn't interest me working for someone doesn't interest me i want to be
my own boss and i know for a fact that i'm going to be able to do it i just don't know how
and i'm sure a lot of you guys are in that same exact position that i was in where people are
asking you these questions deep down you want to tell them like i'm going to be freaking millionaire
i'm going to be doing all these things but you say that and they're going to look at
you and they're going to point at you and they're going to laugh in your face and say well yeah how
are you going to do that and you're going to have nothing to tell them so that was a big turning
point for me again where i was like i don't want to work for anyone i am approaching college and
this is a big turning point in my life and for most of your guys lives where you guys are going
from living with your parents to living on your own and you have to start making your own money
on top of that you have to figure it the out and this was again a huge kickstart to my
life and i was like and i got to get on my so that's really what made me want to
start trading and made me want to never give up with this because one i hated people telling
me what to do that was like literally my least favorite thing ever and it still is to this day
someone says you can't do that i'm immediately thinking and trying to find a way of me to be
able to do exactly what they said that i can't do and i'm going to make it happen every single time
that's how determined i am and that's how competitive competitive i am and this was
a situation that actually happened with me and my family i've got to figure it out myself that's
me between my parents um now obviously they love me and they support me with what i'm doing but
at the time they wanted what was best for me and for me and i'm sure for all of you guys
your parents they went to high school they went to college and they got a regular job and that
was the way to create wealth back in that day but now we're in an online era of you're actually
going to probably end up finding more success going off and doing your own thing and starting
out and putting in a lot of time and effort into a side hustle to be able to make money online and
they just can't really comprehend that and me i had that vision for myself but they were
consistently just telling me hey you keep losing all the money in your bank account because we had
joint bank accounts at the time in high school hey you keep losing all the money in your bank
account hey you keep having overdraft fees from wells fargo they're taking money out of your
account because you have a negative balance hey what is going on with you you're not doing well
in school you're making
poor decisions you need to figure it the out and deep down i was like i'm trying
and i know exactly what i want to do just give me some time and it caused a little
headbutt between myself and my parents where they were like you're throwing your life away
but deep down i knew exactly what i was going to become and i'm sure a lot of you guys are
going through that as well where your parents are just like dude you guys need to get it
together you guys need to actually focus on school focus on whatever passing your class
is in college so that you guys can get a good get get a good education and a good job coming
out of college but deep down you guys don't want that and hopefully with this video i'm able to
help you guys be able to get to where you guys want to go before you guys end up clashing with
your parents so that you guys can prove them wrong and prove not only to your parents but
also to yourself that this is going to be a sustainable long-term thing now all of this
ended up slowly but surely transitioning into a lot of success within trading because like i said
i was at a point in high school where i was like man i actually have to figure this out time is
ticking and i need to be able to whatever prove these people wrong and also prove myself right
and also be able to support myself financially while i'm going into these new adult years of
my life and when you're first getting into trading obviously all of the focus is on how can i make as
much money as possible and then you get past that and then you're like okay well if i've been
focusing on this for the past six months this isn't going to help
you but then when you come back you'll realize you have the money to make all this happen
now before you get to where you are what you actually have to do and you realize that that
journey is going to be a lot longer than you thought originally thought you you were going to
end up becoming a millionaire in a week but then you quickly realize after losing hundreds
if not thousands of dollars that that's not going to happen and then reality sets in and then you
have this long journey of profitability that you have to actually help yourself get through and in
this video i'm going to help you guys get through that as well and give you guys a step-by-step plan
to
it still isn't necessarily all sunshine and rainbows because for me when i first turned
profitable i was only making whatever like a couple hundred bucks and a couple thousand dollars
but as time goes on that ends up scaling and that's the awesome thing with these online side
hustles such as trading where your potential and your scalability within these businesses and
within these online money making methods is so much larger and far greater than any other nine
to five job than any other basic business or any other basic job that you can get yourself into
and the biggest turning point for me was actually sitting myself down at that six month mark and
being like look this isn't going to be easy this is going to be very difficult but i know and i
have the resources that are all out here online through youtube videos like this for you guys
okay and then at my time there was youtube videos and there was books that i was able to read that
actually set the record straight of this is what you have to do in order to get to where you want
to go and
that period of time for me was super impactful because i was like look i'm just going to put
my head down because i have all of these people doubting me i want to prove them wrong and also
this is what i want for my life so once you expand your timeline and understand okay this is
going to take some time not only does it take some time to be able to get to your end goal of
becoming a profitable trader but that timeline never ends because you eventually are going to
realize that your life is going to be infinitely scalable so it's not just scaling from
unprofitable to profitable it goes from unprofitable
to profitable to how can i make more money and how can i be more profitable how can i increase
my profits and that was the second little phase that i went through of understanding okay now
that i'm making consistent money from the markets how can i leverage these different
softwares these different companies within the day trading space to help me make more money
how can i improve my strategy how can i improve my risk management plan through
journaling and understanding what confluences to take and what confluences i should probably
stay away from based on my win rate and based on my risk reward off of each of these confluences
and off of the strategies that i'm learning there's infinite ways for you to scale your
money in every single business and that is the hard reality that you guys have to face once you
actually end up turning profitable and once i was able to again face that reality i was like damn
there's more work to do and that has led me to be in the position that i'm in today where you
guys probably seen me go from if you guys have been following me for for a while i got on social
media around three years ago or almost exactly three years ago it's been like three years
and like a month um that have been on social media but if you guys look back to where i was
when i first started social media and look at the day trading profits that i was initially making
it was like a couple thousand dollar days to now where just recently i was able to make 400 000
in a single day again that's not a typical day for me but that is the potential that i've been
able to get out of myself by continuously working and continuously trying to one scale my capital
and two scale my craft within trading to be able to get better if you guys compare my entries that
i'm taking now compared to what entries i was taking two years ago or even just a year ago
it's a drastic difference because i understand hey i have to continue getting better at the skill
if i want to one be able to compete with these markets on a daily basis and continue to scale
my profits and continue to make money within trading so again it's expanding our timeline
and understanding that okay this isn't just i'm going to get rich
month it's not that and it's not i'm going to get rich once i turn profitable in two years
no it's not that it's how can i get rich and make as much money as possible across my entire timeline
of life and that's when the game begins is when you guys are able to sit yourself down and realize
i have to put in hard work and i have to be disciplined and i have to be motivated
every single day in order to be able to get all of these awesome rewards
and that is not only what causes people to stay away from being profitable but also
why 98 of traders and 99 of people aren't able to get in that one percent tax bracket it's the one
percent tax bracket for a reason because that one percent is willing to do things that 99 of people
aren't willing to do they're willing to wake up early they're willing to put in work every single
day versus other people they aren't willing to do that so they stick to their comfortable
yet what they deem difficult and hard and not the best life me personally i would rather put myself
in a position where i can live the life of my dreams and i hope that you guys are willing to
do that too so with that being said let's get into the three pillars of trading that can help you guys
scale not only your trading but also your life to these awesome levels that i've been able to
achieve and i know that you guys are able to too so within trading just like any other skill
believe it or not in order to get good at it you really just have to master the three fundamentals
and the three fundamentals of trading you need all three of them in order to turn profitable
the first one is going to be psychology
the second one is going to be risk management and the third one is going to be strategy
i promise you i promise you i promise you it's not going to be what broker you choose i promise you
it's not going to be what trade journal you use i promise you it's not going to be whether you're
looking at trading view with a razor mouse or not i promise you it's not the trading setup that you
have i promise you it's not the number of monitors that you guys have within your trading setup and i
promise you it's not the number of pairs that you guys look at all of those are like zero
0.01% things within trading that a lot of people like to focus on because they're avoiding the hard
work that's in front of them. Because these three pillars, these three fundamentals, these three
skills, they're very difficult to grow. But if you guys are willing to stick to them and are willing
to master these three fundamentals, you guys will be able to master trading. It's just like any other
skill in basketball. Let's think about the best players in the world. They're not the best players
in the world because they know how to do between the leg, behind the back, reverse layup, off the
glass. They're the best players in the world because they're really freaking good at dribbling,
they're really freaking good at passing, and they're really freaking good at putting the
ball in the hoop, and they have a good basketball IQ. It's the same exact thing with trading. If we
can just simplify this down to three fundamental skills and master these skills, then we are going
to find success. So the first skill that I want to introduce is going to be psychology. Psychology
is by far one of the most important skills within trading,
and it is what typically holds a lot of traders back. Risk management and strategy are pretty
straightforward, and I'm sure you guys already are like, yeah, I already know how to trade with a
good strategy. I already know what a risk management plan is, but psychology is where
everybody fucks up. And psychology is specifically what made me fuck up for that first three to six
months of my unprofitable journey, where I was thinking, I just want to get rich as fast as
possible. When I go into the markets thinking like that, I'm going to end up making bad decisions,
and I'm going to end up making emotional
decisions, and I'm going to end up making bad decisions, and I'm going to end up making
decisions with my money within the market. So within these three pillars, there's a couple
sub skills that you guys can learn to grow, and I'm going to make them seem rather simple within
this, but they're not, or it's simple, but it's difficult to stick to. So the first part of
trading with psychology or building your trading psychology is just trading with logic. Again,
we are naturally emotionally connected and tied to money.
We are naturally emotionally connected and tied to money within life, because money puts food on
the table, money gives us shelter, money literally, it just makes the world go round, and it's what
keeps us alive. Realistically, it's what keeps us alive. It helps us pay for water, helps us pay
for food, and puts a bed underneath us when we need to go to sleep. So the unfortunate thing
with trading is that there is a direct correlation of being successful in trading and making money
and being unsuccessful in trading and losing money versus other businesses and other side hustles.
There's not necessarily that direct correlation. There is a correlation, but it's not as direct as
trading, because in trading, when you press the buy button and price ends up going down and you
lose money on that trade, you're like that I'm unsuccessful because I lost money. And we need
to fully detach ourselves from that. Instead of thinking, how can I make money in the markets?
We need to be thinking, how can I predict where price wants to go with a high probability on a
daily basis? I'm sure you guys have heard me say this over and over and over again in a lot of my
videos, but it is 100% true. You guys need to be able to predict,
where price wants to go with a high probability on a daily basis. That is what leads to making
money in the market and being successful within trading. So how do we do that? We trade with logic
and trade with the data that is given to us. We aren't trading with emotions. We aren't trading on,
oh, I want to make more money, so I'm going to move my take profit a little bit higher so I can
make more. No, we're not doing that. We're taking profit because price just hit an area where price
could potentially reverse off of this. We are predicting where price wants to go with a high
probability. On top of that, we're not entering into a trade because I need to make money today.
I need to pay my rent. I need to be able to eat today. And again, a lot of you guys may be in
that situation. And if that's the case, you guys need to get a real job so you guys can support
yourselves while you guys are trying to learn this skill. We need to focus on being data-driven
when it comes to trading. And I know this sounds simple, but it's very difficult because once we
start trading with real money, we get right back into that emotional phase of, oh man,
wish I made more money today, or I didn't take this trade. And if I did, I would have made money
today. We need to fully detach our headspace from that and just focus on how can I predict with a
high probability where price wants to go by trading based off the data that's given to us,
not based off of how we feel, not based off of our emotions. We need to be trading based on what
the charts are telling us. And I have a whole bunch of different strategy videos and confluence
videos that you guys can watch on how to understand price action and how to determine
where price is going to go consistently. Okay. You guys can go,
watch those YouTube videos, but we need to be trading based on that data that's given to us
and not the data that's in our head or the emotions that are in our head that are causing
us to make poor decisions within the market. The next thing within psychology is making sure
that our trades stay consistent. So again, this was a big issue that I went through. And I'm sure
that a lot of you guys went through when you guys are learning how to trade, you guys are jumping
from strategy to strategy. You guys will try one strategy and then you guys are like, well,
I lost one trade. So this strategy clearly doesn't work. Well, newsflash,
no strategies are going to give you guys 100% win rate. And on top of that, if it was as easy as
just going in, grabbing a strategy off the internet and saying, okay, cool. I just have
to follow these five steps and then I'll be profitable. Every single person in the world
would be rich. And we know that that is not the case. And we also know that 98% of traders,
they end up failing. And on top of that, they actually don't end up failing. They end up giving
up. So if trading was as easy as just grabbing a strategy, trading it,
and then making money because you have found a strategy off the internet, every single person
would be rich. So it's not as simple as going and just grabbing a strategy and then trying it out
one day. And then if it doesn't work, oh, guess, guess this person was a liar. Guess this person
was a fake guru onto the next one. No, that's not the case. We need to, and again, strategy is
one of our three pillars. It's literally one of our main pillars of being able to be good at
trading. We can't be hopping from strategy, strategy to strategy. We need to find the
one strategy that makes sense in our head for why price is going to move. Again, what are we
trying to do? We're trying to trade with logic. So if we can understand why price is moving,
why price is reacting off of certain confluences on the chart, then what does that give us the
ability to do? Trade with logic. And on top of that, when we have a consistent trading strategy,
and when we have consistent confluences and understand why price wants to move off of
these confluences, it's going to help us detach from that emotional connection too
money. Why? Because we're going to be trading off of data rather than emotions. Last but not least,
you guys need to find a way to be nonchalant within trading. And this is something that was
so freaking difficult for me. And again, it goes back to that emotional connection to money,
because when you guys are unprofitable and you guys are trying to learn how to trade
more often than not, we are not in good financial situations. We probably have a job that we hate,
and we think trading is going to help us get out of that job. It can get you out of that job,
but it's going to be a lot harder and a lot more difficult. So we need to find a way to be nonchalant
than you guys think. And one of those issues that I faced within that first three to six months
of trying to make trading work was I wanted it to happen far quicker than what reality actually
had in store for me. And because of that, whenever I would lose a trade, I would get
very emotional and I would get really upset. And I would take every single one of those losses to
heart. Now, when you end up doing that, what do you end up doing? You end up revenge trading.
You end up placing more risk on your next trade to be able to make up for the
loss that you took on that trade because you're mad about it. And then what do you end up doing?
You end up trading with your emotions, not with your edge, not with your strategy. And then you're
boom, right back to square one, trading with emotions rather than logic. So my advice to you
guys is build the skill and the confidence of being a profitable trader before you guys end
up actually going and risking any money. There's so many tools and so many different softwares
and brokerages out there on the internet. I have a broker that I use consistently on a daily basis.
You guys can check it out. I'll put a link in the description below. And I'll see you in the next video.
In the link in the description, if you guys want. So these softwares and these brokerages
actually give you guys the ability to be able to trade with fake money. So in turn, instead of
getting really upset about the loss, you won't be upset about the loss because you didn't lose
any money. Okay. And this is one of the most powerful tools that you guys can use when trying
to build the skill of day trading. Again, it's not going to be exciting because guess what?
You're not making money and you're not losing any money. But again, like I was saying at the
beginning of this video, we need to expand our timelines on where we want to go with trading.
We need to understand that right now we are willing to put ourselves through a bunch of hard
work and a bunch of discipline and a bunch of whatever day-to-day consistent actions that are
going to help us change our lives forever. So if we think about this small period of time that
we're willing to give up, you know, trying to get rich quick, trying to make as much money as
possible within the small little window period and understand that, Hey, this skill is actually
going to take a little bit of time in order for us to be able to turn profitable and be able to
change our lives. But that little bit of time on the grand scheme of our massive
timeline of life is just going to be a small blip. And if we're able to dedicate that small
blip of time in order to change our lives, then the rest of our timeline of life looks so much
different than what it would be if we just don't do any of these actions. So I strongly advise you
guys to trade on a paper or a demo trading account. So you guys can again, detach yourselves
from that emotion of trying to make money within trading. And in turn, that is going to help you
guys become nonchalant within the timeline of life. So if you're willing to dedicate that
in trading, because you guys are not going to be affected by the losses that you take.
And in turn, you guys are going to be more willing to learn from those losses instead of taking
emotional action, following the laws. So imagine this, I lose money on a real account. How am I
going to feel? I'm going to be really pissed off because I'm dead broke. And I didn't want to lose
money for that day. I'm going to be mad because I wanted trading to make me rich quick. And in turn,
what did it make me do? It made me broke faster. Okay. It actually made me like poor quicker
rather than rich quicker. And I'm going to be mad because I'm going to be mad because I'm going to
end up taking horrible actions following that. Versus if I lose money on a fake trading account,
one, I'm not going to be upset because I lost money. Two, I'm actually going to be able to
learn from that loss and be able to get in and digest that loss and say, okay, what did I do
wrong? I'm not going to be upset because I didn't lose any real money. And I'm going to be able to
actually study that loss and turn that loss and turn that mistake into growth. And that is what's
going to help you guys turn into a profitable trader by detaching the emotional connection
to money. And it's one of the most difficult skills that you guys need to learn, which is
psychology. But that is the first pillar of trading that you guys need to learn in order to find
success within trading. Moving on to the second pillar. And this kind of coincides with psychology.
This is risk management. So again, once we understand that, hey, we shouldn't be trading
with our emotions. And when we're trading emotionally, we're probably going to be
risking far more than our risk profile is willing to give us.
And on top of that, when we're trading based off of logic and based off data, we know that we can't
be risking our entire account per trade because we know that no day trader is going to have a 100%
win rate. So this is a very key pillar, not only to be able to preserve our capital, but to be able
to help us trade for the rest of our lives. And on top of that, just like how I was saying earlier
in this video, to be able to scale once we do turn profitable, to be able to find different ways
to maximize our wins and minimize our losses. And that is risk management. It's a super important
skill. So let's get into it. First and foremost, we need to drop our bad habits. This is super
similar to psychology. These things are going to slow you guys down and hold you guys back from
your guys' progress. Risk management is one of the biggest keys. And the biggest bad habit that
I see people do is when they're trading on a live account and they haven't built up the skills and
they haven't built up the confidence that they need in order to be a profitable trader. And
they lose money and they are like, man, I want to make that money back because I needed it to be
able to pay for rent, to be able to pay for my food. And then in turn, what do they do? They end
up risking a little bit more on another trade that they shouldn't be taking in the first place. And
then it's an endless cycle of lose money, lose money, lose more money, and then eventually lose
your whole account. These are bad habits. This is bad risk management. How can we get over this?
By building out a risk management plan. We need to create a trading plan. This trading plan is
going to eliminate our bad habits and start reinforcing new good habits that will directly
translate into your guys' success of trading. So when we have bad habits, they're habits. So we
understand that, hey, we consistently do these things over and over again. But if we can put in
our heads and maybe put down into our manifestation or law of attraction journal, just like I did back
in the day, this journal back when I was an unprofitable trader, I'll literally read you
guys through some of the things that I would say every single day.
Skip over the, I will be a millionaire and I will own a Lamborghini entries here. But this is what I
would write down literally every single day and say out loud, I will take good trades. I will see
good setups. I will be patient. I will be patient. I will be patient. I had an issue with patience.
And then from there, I wrote out my entire trading strategy of saying like, I will only look at the
four hour, one hour daily timeframes, all of this. On top of that, I said, I will trade with no
my trading account to X amount. I will hit my daily goals. I will keep a positive mindset.
I will read these goals daily. So by me reading through this on a daily basis, not only did it
bring those bad habits to light every single morning because I was writing them down and I
was saying them out loud, but I was also trying to build these new good habits that can replace
bad habits. Okay. Habits are habits. There's good ones and there's bad ones, but regardless,
we have good habits that we do every single day. And we have bad habits that we do every single day.
A habit needs to be replaced with a new one. So right now, a lot of you guys have bad habits
within trading. We are going to be able to remove those and replace them with good ones,
but you guys have to be willing and able to know that, Hey, this is going to be difficult to be
able to change this bad habit out for a new good one. And I can't remember the amount of days,
but I believe it takes 21 days to be able to break a bad habit, which again, it's actually
not that long. It's literally three weeks. Okay. It takes 21 days to break a bad habit.
And 90 days to replace it with a new good one and to have that good habit actually turn into
a real habit. So the goal should be break those bad habits for 21 days. And while we're breaking
those bad habits, we replace them with the new ones and then keep consistently with discipline,
working on those good habits to eventually be able to turn into what a profitable trader by
reinforcing those good habits. We are going to help ourselves be able to stick to our risk
management plan, be able to stick to our risk management plan, and be able to
stick to our trading plan and be able to stick to our good psychology to not make emotional
decisions within the market. And then last but not least, you guys need to be disciplined. So
none of this ends up working within psychology, within risk management, within our trading plan,
unless we are disciplined. You guys need to be disciplined in order to be able to play smart
trades and to be able to one, break those bad habits, two, be able to replace them with good
habits and three, be able to emotionally detach ourselves from the money within trading, which is
pretty much all of what psychology is. All of psychology can be boiled,
down into just being disciplined. And when you feel those emotions arise, where you're like,
holy shit, I just want to, oh, I just want to make all this money back right now. And I should have
made money on this trade. I was right about this or, oh no, I'm scared that I'm going to miss out
on this trade because it's going higher and higher and higher and higher. We know the end
result that comes out of all of those emotions. It's always fucking bad. When in your entire life
have you seen a trade that you're like, oh my gosh, it keeps going higher and higher. I just
need to buy right now. And then you buy and then boom, it just goes in the opposite direction.
And then you end up losing money. When have any of these emotional decisions led you guys to a good
reward or to something that's beneficial? Never, ever, ever in your entire life. So in order to
stick to these, we have to have the discipline to be able to say no to these emotions and to
be able to stick to these trading and risk management plans that we've built out for
ourselves. Now let's get into the last pillar, which is going to be strategy. Pillar number
three, what every single trader loves and strives to learn the most about.
Is going to be trading strategy. Now, keep in mind, this is very important, but a lot of you
guys end up putting more importance on trading strategy than you guys do on risk management and
psychology. And that is why you guys are unsuccessful within the markets. I'm sure
almost 80%, if not 90% of the day trading videos that you guys have watched so far
have been purely focused on understanding chart work, understanding confluences,
understanding price action, trying to figure out where price wants to go. And you guys are
thinking that this right here is going to be your golden ticket out of trading. And while that is
partially true, imagine I'm a trader that has a high probability of predicting where price action
wants to go on a daily basis. This is what strategy helps us do. And I get into the market
and I have an 80% win rate. It's really good. I have an 80% win rate, but I have
bad psychology and I have bad risk management. I get into the market, I place my first trade,
and I end up losing. It's part of that 20% of the losing win rate that I have.
A disciplined and a profitable trader with good psychology and good risk management would, one,
if that's their total risk allotment for the day, would call it a day and they would be off
the charts and they would be done for that day. Somebody that just has trading strategy without
psychology and without a risk management plan will fall into their emotions and they will,
take another trade that doesn't follow their strategy because now they're falling into their
emotions. They're going to take a trade because they're angry, because they're greedy, because
they want to make money for the day, because they don't actually have a risk management plan and
their risk management plan, or they don't even have one, doesn't even say that they're not
allowed to take more trades for that day. So they ended up taking another trade, not based
off the strategy that they have, but based off the emotions that they have. And in turn, what
does that cause them to do? Take a losing trade. And on top of that, what will that likely cause
them to lead?
And spiral down into losing their entire account because they don't have risk management and they
don't have the psychological discipline to be able to stick to their trading strategy. That's
why we need to master all three of these pillars. Every single one of you guys, I can tell you
without a doubt puts way too much emphasis on trading strategy, rather than psychology, risk
management and strategy together. A lot of you guys can really benefit from trying to master
discipline, master your emotions within trading and figure out a good risk management plan so
that you guys can minimize your.
Losses maximize your wins and help you guys scale within profitability strategy for most traders is
the least of their worries. Why? Because it's the easiest thing to learn. Okay. A lot of people will
go and watch a YouTube video and it's pretty fundamental. It's super simple. Hey, we wait
for a liquidity sweep and then we wait for a break of structure. And then we wait for a fair value
gap to get filled. Then we scale down and we look for an entry we enter, and then we target new
lows or new highs.
And then we take profit. It's pretty simple. It's pretty mechanical and it's relatively easy
to learn and understand the most difficult skills to be able to build and to be able to learn are
the two that I covered before this. And that's why we put them first, because a lot of you guys,
if anything are over-educating yourselves on trading strategy, rather than psychology and risk
management. And that's, what's leading me into this point right here, which is my offer to you
guys. And what I've helped.
Thousands of other students do, which is help them not only understand strategy, because I'm
really, really freaking good at making predictions of where price wants to go with a high probability
on a daily basis. But just like how I discussed earlier in this video, we need those other two
skill sets to be able to perform within the markets. And if you guys are struggling with
building those two skill sets, and it's difficult to articulate, and hopefully I've helped you guys
within this video to be able to build those skill sets.
Then what?
I want to be able to do for you guys is because you guys are probably over-educated on trading
strategy, which you guys are under-educated on psychology and risk management is I want to be
able to help you guys get to where you guys want to go. Just like within this video, we've been
laying out a straight and narrow path towards profitability. I want to be able to fast track
your guys' path to profitability through actual mentorship and prerecorded videos that actually
go over all of these concepts to be able to help you guys get to where you guys want to go.
Pre-recorded videos. That's one thing you guys can find any and all of that information
on YouTube. But what you guys can't find on YouTube is the 10,000 plus hours that I and other
profitable coaches have put into the markets where we've made mistakes that you guys are making that
are super individualized, that are super personal to you, that you guys don't know how to solve.
And that we are going to be able to solve them for you guys by getting on coaching calls with
you guys, by interacting with you guys in the chat. You guys will literally be able to talk to
us on a coaching call and just say, Hey man, I'm struggling with this, or I took this trade off of
this. And then this happened.
I ended up losing, but I thought I followed the strategy correctly. And we'll be able to say,
Hey, look, you actually did everything right, but you missed out on this thing right here.
And then boom, that problem solved. And you guys are instantly going to be able to grow versus if
you guys try and do this on your own, you guys are going to be making psychological risk management
and strategy mistakes that you guys may not even think that you guys are making because the way
that you guys digested the content on YouTube, you guys think that everything you're doing is
correct. When in fact, you guys may be doing every single thing incorrectly.
And that's why these coaching calls are so beneficial. And that's why having a mentor
is so beneficial is because when you guys are able to actually come to somebody that has proven
profitability within the markets, just like I have by showing you guys, literally when I enter,
when I exit every single day and showing you guys P and L like that is proof of profitability.
And you guys being able to come to me and say, Hey, I have this issue within my trading and I
make this mistake, whatever, over and over and over again. And I can be like, look, that's
actually not a mistake. You're doing that correctly, but you're actually doing this
thing right here incorrectly that you thought you'd been doing correctly for your entire career
of trading. And that's the issue that you need to fix. That information is not online for free.
That information can only come from a mentor and can only come from a coach who has been in your
guys' shoes before and has been through that unprofitable route that you guys are trying to
get towards profitability. And that is where I can be the biggest service to you guys, because
these questions and these lessons and mistakes that you guys are making, we can't put them into
a YouTube video, not because I don't want to, but because every single one of you guys is going to
be making different mistakes and is going to have different lessons that you guys need to learn that
are personalized to you that are very specific and very advanced that are going to take solutions
that aren't necessarily going to be covered on a YouTube video. Maybe one or two of those mistakes
that you guys have been looking for a solution for, for the past six months, you end up finding
a little gem within a YouTube video and then boom, you guys got it. And there's a slight room for
that. But then you guys are on the hunt for that next YouTube video. That's going to be able to
solve the next problem and the next, next mistake to be able to get to that next level, to be able
to help you guys get closer to profitability. And that's a problem by doing this on your own.
It makes your path a lot longer and a lot more difficult. And when you have somebody that's been
through those mistakes before that knows all the solutions that you guys are going through and knows
the solutions to the mistakes and the lessons that you guys need to learn, you guys are going to be
hit. And that's what I want to help you guys do where, yeah, I'm sure a lot of you guys already
know trading strategy to what you guys think to a T, but you guys may be marking confluences
incorrectly. You guys may be marking out or taking trades off of confluences and price action that
you get shouldn't be taking. And you guys think you're doing it correct. But then when you come
to us as mentors and coaches, and you guys say, Hey, this is what I've been doing. I'm doing
everything right. I don't know where I'm going wrong. And we're like, bro, you've been doing
everything wrong this entire time.
You're going to be able to find that in a YouTube video, because what you guys perceive as what
you're following that YouTube video to a T you guys are actually doing it incorrectly. And that's
why having a mentor. And that's why having a coach is so important within your path to
profitability is because we're able to actually highlight your guys' mistakes. And you guys are
able to come to us with your mistakes. And we're going to be able to give you guys solutions to
every single one of those mistakes so that you guys can speed run your path to profitability.
If this sounds interesting to you guys, you guys can click the link down in the description to be
a bunch of other profitable coaches. It's literally one of the best programs within the day trading
space. We have far more results than any other mentor. And there's a reason why I have so many
subscribers on here and so many followers on Instagram. So many followers on Tik TOK it's
because I help traders just like you guys get to where you guys want to go within trading.
Okay. So that's the first part of strategy is just having a mentor and having somebody that
has been in your guys' position before to be able to help you guys scale to where you guys want to
go, to be able to get over those little mistakes that we can't articulate on YouTube videos,
that are personalized to you. Number two is understanding that fundamentals and less is
more. I'm sure a lot of you guys have came across YouTube video after YouTube video. And this is
part of that overeducation where you guys are like, man, I wish that there's going to be one
secret key. That's going to help me boom, just break through and turn profitable in trading.
And I know that there's one specific confluence or one specific part of this strategy that I'm
missing. It's not it's focusing on the three pillars of trading. The most frequently asked
question to me as a mentor and as a coach is TJR. What's the one thing that you heard,
or what's the one thing that you learned that just helped trading click. And once you learned it,
you turn profitable. You guys are on the edge of your seat right now. There's no such thing.
The thing that makes trading click is getting 1% better every single day by working on your
psychology, by maximizing your risk management plan, by focusing on your trading strategy and
sticking to it, by sticking to your risk management plan, by not falling into emotions and by
replacing those bad habits with.
Good habits every single day. That is what makes trading click and it doesn't make it click
instantly. It's over a long period of time. And that's the sad reality of trading. I'm sorry if
I broke your heart today, honey, but guess what? That's the sad reality of trading. And that is
what's going to help you guys be able to get to where you guys want to go. It's just literally
stripping that down and saying, guess what? You're not going to get rich quick from trading, but on
the massive timeline of your life, I can promise you you're going to get rich a lot faster than
anybody else trying to do anything else by dedicating your life.
And
a small period of your life to this skill, to be able to scale to where you guys want to go
and focusing and understanding that less is more within trading. The more you guys look and the
more you guys dig, the more overanalyzing you guys are going to do, the more analysis paralysis
you guys are going to have. And it's just going to be really difficult for you guys to be able
to scale, to be able to get to where you guys want to go within trading. Focus on the fundamentals,
find a strategy that works for you, find confluences that make sense to you and stick
to it and work on them every single day. Focus on discipline,
detaching yourself from emotions, focus on sticking to your risk management plan and stick
to a strategy that makes sense to you, that helps you guys predict where price action wants to go on
a daily basis with a high probability. And that is how you guys are able to copy me in order to
turn into a profitable trader. It's a long and it's a very difficult road, but I promise you guys,
if you guys are able to stick to it and if you guys can understand these three pillars of trading and
work your ass off every single day to be able to get over these emotions, to be able to focus on
your risk management plan, and to be able to find a strategy,
and an edge on the market that helps you predict price action with a high probability,
you guys will be successful. And with that being said,
I love and appreciate you guys. Drop a sub if you guys haven't already. Peace out.


==============================
VIDEO 002 — 6 Years Of Trading Knowledge In 20 Minutes-qJap-CZoV6g
==============================

It took me six years to be able to figure all of this out, and I'm going to give it to you guys
in under 30 minutes. My name is Tyler. Everybody online knows me as TJR. I went from being a broke
college student to now a full-time day trader. And these are a whole bunch of lessons that I
wish I knew when I was getting into day trading that literally would have saved me so much
freaking time to end up going from that unprofitable to that profitable stage within
literally 30 minutes. So hopefully this video can help you guys smooth over and get a clear
and narrow path on what you guys should be doing, especially when getting into trading.
And even if you guys are an advanced trader, I'm sure that there's something that you guys
will be able to grab from this video that you guys are probably doing that is affecting your
guys' journey and probably putting a stop on you guys turning from unprofitable to profitable.
So with that being said, let's get right into it. There are three main skills within trading that
you guys have to master in order to become profitable. And believe it or not, if you guys
just focus on these three fundamentals and get really fucking good at them, that's really all
you need in order to turn into a profitable trader.
So
, what are these three skills? I'm going to break them down one by one, and then I'm going to add a
couple more tips that are going to help you guys out. But the three skills that you guys need to
focus on in order to turn profitable, and it's not any of this like 1% things like figuring out
what type of basketball shoe you're supposed to wear, that's not going to make you better at
basketball. Doing the fundamentals is going to make you better at basketball, and it's the same
thing with trading. So, what are the three skills that you need to get really freaking good at in
order to become profitable? You need to master your mindset, your psychology, your risk management,
and then your strategy. All three of these are equally as
important in order for you guys to turn into a profitable trader. A lot of people over-educate
themselves on the strategy side of things, and that's going to be one of the easiest things for
you guys to learn, because literally every single YouTube video that you guys see online is telling
you some new and improved strategy on how you guys can make whatever, $5,000 in two minutes,
and then turn profitable. But what a lot of people abandon is mindset and risk management,
and that is equally as important, if not even more important, due to the over-education that
we have on strategy.
We're trying to turn into a profitable trader. So, now that we know the three fundamentals, let's get
into each one of them and break down how you guys can actually build these skills so that you guys
can turn into a profitable trader much faster than the majority of these other people. So, let's
start off with mindset. That's one of our three skill sets that we need to master in order to
become a profitable trader. This is probably the hardest skill set to master, because unfortunately,
us as humans, we have a very strong emotional attachment to money. We think about every single
aspect of our lives, and we think about everything else. So, if we're going to be able to make those
payments, it hurts us to be able to lose money, and then we get super excited when we make money.
And this is what we need to avoid feeling when we're in the markets, or else, if we are feeling
sad when we lose money and we're feeling excited when we win money, we might as well go to the
casino and gamble that money instead. And honestly, your probability is probably a little bit higher
if you're gambling and feeling those emotional swings than if you were to do a trading, because
trading, you can lose a lot of money really quick.
It is going to end up like a casino where the house is going to win, the brokerage is just going to
take your hard-earned money and take it to the bank and say, haha, you are part of the 98% of traders
that fail. So, the first thing that we need to do is break that emotional connection that we have
with money. This is one of the most difficult things for us to do, because especially as beginner
traders, we are starting out with low capital. How can we try and at least break that emotional
connection to money? Well, the first thing is starting off by trading on a demo account or a
paper trading account.
Most brokerages have these things that allow you to get a lot of money, but they don't have the
confidence to build the skillset of trading without having to risk your own money.
But you're obviously wanting to turn into a profitable trader, making real money from trading.
So obviously, we're going to have to eventually transition from trading on demo and fake money
over to real money. But the best thing that you guys can do is start off with demo and fake money
so that you guys can build the skillset of being a profitable trader so that when you do move to
real money, you're still going to have some emotions tied to the money, but at least you'll have
the confidence to take the trades that you're supposed to because you have the skillset of
trading. So one, we need to establish the skillset of trading, and that's going to be helped
through risk management and strategy.
So by establishing these two fundamentals, we're actually going to be helping this fundamental of
mindset. We're going to get to those two fundamentals later on in this video.
But again, we need to establish that through demo and paper trading before we actually move into
live trading. And then once we move into live trading, that's when these emotions may come back.
We have the fear of losing money.
We have the greed of wanting to make more money.
So how can we get over these things?
Again, it's really difficult and it's really hard for me to articulate.
But one of the easiest things that I can say is don't trade with money that you aren't willing to lose.
I remember back when I was an unprofitable trader, I was pretty much dumping my entire bank account into
these live accounts because I was like, hey, I just need to full port.
And then if I hit one or two trades, boom, I like two or three X my bank account.
And the problem with that is you get really greedy.
And then also you're trading with money that you can't lose.
You can't afford to lose.
Your rent is on the line.
Your food for that night is on the line.
So I'm going to say as somebody that's in a financially safe position and you guys are
not necessarily in the same financial situation as I am.
But trust me when I say this, build up a trading account balance and like save money, stash
money on the side so that when you guys are working the side jobs that you guys are using
to support your life, you guys are taking money out and stashing it to the side to
the point where this money on the side, it's not going to affect you necessarily if you
guys are going to lose money or make money on it because you're already paying your bills
with your current.
Job.
Okay.
You guys need to think about it like that.
You should not be risking money that you can't afford to lose or think, Hey, I'm going to
go into this trading thing and I'm going to pay my rent with this.
No.
Cause you guys haven't even established that you guys are good at the skillset yet.
If you guys are working a nine to five, I know you guys aren't making too much money.
That's okay.
Slowly but surely keep stashing money away.
And guess what?
While you're doing this, you guys can be trading on a demo account on a fake money account
on a paper trading account so that you guys can build that confidence and build that skillset
of trading to the point where once that little safety reserve.
Once that little stash of money that you guys have been putting away for a while is built
up to a solid amount, you guys have one built the skillset of trading, but also you guys
have built up a good balance for you guys to go into a live account with to the point
where you understand that, Hey, it's okay if I lose all this money.
Why?
Because the work that I'm doing, it's still pays the bills and two, I know that this money
is something that I'm willing to risk in order to potentially change my life.
And guess what?
If you lose all that money, no harm, no foul.
Why?
Because it's a lesson learned.
It's a technique that you guys can grow from.
So again, there was countless times where I lost literally my entire bank account when
trying to trade.
But the biggest thing for you guys is being able to build that skillset of trading while
you guys are stashing money on the side and understand that this money that you're stashing
on the side is going to be a tool to help you guys get to where you want to go until
you guys get to the point where you are consistently getting withdraws, consistently getting payouts
from funded accounts.
The money on the side is not supposed to support you financially.
And that's where a lot of people fuck up is they get into trading because they think
it's going to get them rich in a month.
And if you guys have that mindset, you guys are going to crash out immediately and you
guys are going to lose everything immediately because that's greed.
Okay.
And if you're trading with money that you can't afford to lose, then you're going to
be trading with fear.
And those are honestly the two biggest emotions that traders struggle with because they aren't
handling their finances correctly.
And a lot of mindset just purely comes to lack of financial responsibility on the trader's
side of things because they're trying to make it happen in a split second.
When if you guys just focus on building the skill of trading.
Well.
Stashing money away to potentially change your life while also supporting yourself financially
from your regular job, you're going to be able to get there a lot quicker.
And this was something that I wish I had learned when I was an unprofitable trader trying to
turn profitable because again, I was not smart with my money and I was pretty much
throwing hard earned money that was supposed to support my life.
That was supposed to pay for rent.
That was supposed to pay for food.
And I was spending it on these accounts because I was like, Hey, by doing this, I'm going
to get rich quick.
And then boom, I'll be able to make three times my rent.
I'll be able to pay my rent.
And then I'll also be able to go buy a Louie belt.
Okay.
And guess what?
Every single time you do that, you're dealing with money that you can't afford to lose that
you need to make money on.
And then boom, you're screwed because you're trading with fear or you're trading with greed.
So be able to identify those two emotions.
If you guys are ever feeling like, Hey, when I'm in a trade, I'm scared of losing.
You're trading with too much money.
If you're ever in a trade and you get excited when you win, or if you get excited when the
trade is going in your direction, you are trading with too much money and you're trading
with money that you can't afford and you're much better off lowering your account size
to the point.
You need to be able to build that emotionless relationship with money.
And this is what a lot of business owners and a lot of successful people now have with
money where we see it as a tool rather than a necessity.
So think about the money that you're stashing away as a tool to get you to where you want
to go and make sure all of your regular living expenses are covered.
And that will help you guys build that emotionless connection to money.
Now, with that being said, let's move on to risk management.
And this is also going to be dealing with money, just like I was mentioning in the mindset
portion.
The psychology portion, risk management is super important.
And again, a lot of people get into trading and are just thinking about the big wins and
how excited they would be if they were able to hit like a $50,000 win.
That's the problem.
If you're getting excited about a win, like you guys see my trade recaps where I'm making
$100,000 in a trade or like $25,000 in a trade, and I'm emotionless throughout all of it.
Even sometimes I'll lose $25,000 or I'll lose $50,000 and I'm emotionless through all of it.
So you guys need to be thinking, okay, what am I?
What amount of money is that going to amount to me?
And that's how you guys should initially treat your risk management, where you guys shouldn't
be getting excited about the wins.
You guys shouldn't be getting sad about the losses.
Ideally, when it comes to risk management, you guys are going to be risking anywhere
from like 1% to 3% of your trading account per trade.
But again, going back to that mindset point where if your account is with money that you
can't afford to lose and you guys are risking 1% to 3% of that account and that 1% to 3%
of that account.
If it is money that you can't afford to lose, you are still going to be feeling those emotions
because risk management is two things, okay?
It's risking the right amount per trade, but it's also understanding that, hey, we need
to be risking the amount to the point where we are still emotionless with the money that
we're trading.
On top of that, we need to be trading to be able to trade another day.
The way that I like to think about this is understand that losing weeks are going to
come, losing days are going to come, and if you are risking too much of your account
to the point where it's going to drastically affect your account balance when you guys are
losing these trades or winning these trades.
A lot of people think like, yeah, if I get a big win that's going to be beneficial, no.
And trust me, coming from me, I turned an account from $10,000 into $112,000 and you're
probably thinking, wow, that was great.
No, because it reinforced bad habits for me.
And guess what happened the very next day?
I lost all of it because I was risking the same amounts and I was doing that same really
crazy, really dumb risk that I was doing in the past that helped get me from $10,000 to
$112,000.
Over the course of two days.
And then in turn, what happened?
I ended up losing all of it the following day.
So again, we need to be thinking with our account balances, how can we live to trade
another day and how can we make this account last for our entire timeline of being a full
time profitable trader?
And I know you guys are probably dealing with smaller account balances right now, but with
that mindset of like, how can I leverage this account size and use this account size to
my advantage to the point where, okay, I'm trading with one, a dollar amount that I'm
not afraid to lose and I'm not excited about whatever the profit that I'm going to get
on it.
And then also I'm risking an amount where it's not going to drastically affect my account
balance if I lose.
And it's also not going to drastically affect my account balance.
If I win, those are two very important things.
And by risking one to 3% of your account, that's going to help you guys live to trade
another day.
Now let's get into the third skill set, which is going to be strategy.
Now I'm honestly not going to go too deep into this.
I have a free course that you guys can learn.
Literally.
I'm going to give you guys a little bit of confidence that I ever teach online.
I'll leave a link in the description for that, where you guys can learn all of that.
I also teach people directly as students.
Okay.
If you guys want to be mentored by me personally and a bunch of other profitable traders as
your guys' coach, if you guys want like specific answers to your guys' questions, because again,
when I'm making these YouTube videos, it's like one thing for me to get on here and just
kind of make a vague assumption of what all, you know, unprofitable traders are going through.
But some of you guys may have specific questions that you guys want to ask me personally.
But I'm not going to go into that.
I'm just going to be more of a pro and a coach, but I'm going to be more of a coach
personally or another profitable trader coach personally.
And that's what we give you guys access to in my blueprint.
So I'll leave a little link down in the description for that.
But again, a lot of that can be solved with just these YouTube videos.
So let's get into strategy strategy.
I really don't want to cover it too much because like I said, it's the overeducated part of
day trading, where a lot of people already know their strategy.
But one thing that I do want to cover is the overeducation of strategy.
So a lot of you guys are watching multiple strategy videos per day.
You guys are watching multiple.
Confluence is videos per day, and you guys are just looking for some secret key, some
magic key, some magic confluence that you guys are going to learn one day via YouTube.
And then boom, that's just going to change the trading game for you.
Newsflash that is not going to happen and it's never going to happen.
And if you keep looking for it, you guys will never turn profitable.
And this was a mistake that I made when I was trying to turn profitable, where I was
just watching endless, endless, endless content on YouTube versus if I had just stuck to the
strategy that was somewhat working for me or stuck to the confluences.
That I understood why price was moving off of them and then just completely turned off
all of day trading YouTube and stopped looking for confluences that were going to help my
strategy get a 50% better win rate.
Like fuck all of that.
The best experience that you guys are going to gain when it comes to strategy is actually
applying it to the markets.
So instead of spending hours on YouTube, trying to learn the next best strategy or the next
best confluence, that's going to help you guys become a profitable trader.
You guys probably have already digested thousands.
You guys probably have already digested thousands.
You guys probably have already digested thousands.
You guys probably have already digested thousands.
You guys probably have already digested thousands.
You guys probably have already digested thousands of hours worth of strategy content
on YouTube.
You guys no longer need strategy content.
You guys need to apply it.
It's like the difference or the analogy of someone that sits down and watches 1000 hours
worth of basketball training videos versus somebody that spends a thousand hours without
knowing anything about basketball, just on the basketball court.
Once we put those people on the court at the end of both of those durations, who's going
to be better at basketball?
When we give the person who's never touched basketball in their life, but watch 1000 hours
worth of basketball training videos.
Guess what?
They're still going to fucking suck.
Yes, they may know like certain drills or certain moves that may help them, but they
don't know how to fucking dribble.
They don't know how to fucking shoot and it's going to be their first time attempting
to do these things versus if we give someone a ball and have them actually try and train
for a thousand hours, they're going to be in a far better position than the person that
just sat there and watched.
So it's the same exact thing with trading.
We need to actually be building this skill set.
How?
By fucking trading.
Okay.
You wonder how you get better at trading?
By putting in repetitions.
It's like the gym.
You need to go into the gym every single day to build those muscles, to build that muscle
memory of actually trading and getting better at it.
Okay.
There's several different softwares that can help you guys back test.
There is trading view.
Obviously that's how we actually like can practice live trading.
There's demo, there's paper trading accounts that you guys can actually be placing these
trades and then figuring out how you guys can get better in real time in these markets.
Okay.
Because again, it's one thing to be watching these videos and understanding the confluences,
but it's another thing to actually go out there.
And apply it.
You guys need to be doing both.
And if anything, I'm sure you guys have already watched too many of these YouTube videos.
So you guys might as well start putting in more work on trading view rather than on YouTube.
The last little tip and thing that I want to cover in this video is just understanding
that everyone's timeline is going to be different.
Okay.
And I'm sure you guys can like follow a whole bunch of day traders, including myself, whether
it be on YouTube, Tik TOK or Instagram.
And a lot of social media is just highlighting the wins.
In fact, it's really annoying for me because I try and be super transparent.
Transparent about all my wins and all my losses.
But even on YouTube, if you guys scroll through all of my trade recaps, guess what videos
get more views.
It's the days that I'm winning the days that I'm making $150,000 in a day.
The days that I'm making $25,000 in a day.
Just recently trade recap, I made $22,000 in a day.
That video got 45,000, 45,000 more views than me losing $25,000 in a day.
The balances were the exact same.
Except people just wanted to watch the win way more than they wanted to watch the loss.
When in fact, if they had watched the losses, they would probably be learning more because
it's a mistake that their mentor made.
And it was a mistake that they probably made on that trading day as well.
Unfortunately, in this social media era that we're in, a lot of the wins are highlighted
instead of the losses.
And again, like I said, I like to be super transparent with you guys, but you sometimes
have to do your digging to be able to find these things.
Because again, the wins are just highlighted far more than the losses, especially when
it comes to being an unprofitable.
That's something that can be super discouraging because you guys see all these traders winning
on a daily basis or, oh my gosh, this person made this much and I lost today, man, I'm
not going to make it.
Or how come this person was able to get this amount of money in a payout and they've only
been trading for six months and I've been trying to do this for two years.
Why?
Why did they get it?
Not me.
You guys need to tune out all of that bullshit.
And honestly, one of the biggest things for me was literally unfollowing every single
day trader on YouTube.
I stopped watching all of these strategy videos.
I stopped watching their trade recaps.
I unfollowed every single trader that I was following on Instagram.
And at the time when I was trying to learn how to trade, TikTok wasn't a thing, or I
don't even think I had it downloaded at the time.
But unfollow all of these people, including myself, especially if you guys are really
trying to get this done.
This video is awesome and it's great for you guys.
And maybe you guys see a video or two of mine that pops up that you're like, hey, this
is actually addressing a specific question that's going to help my trading journey.
For the most part, you guys need to focus on your own success.
Listen truly is the thief of joy.
And it's also going to be holding you guys back because if you keep comparing yourselves
to all these other people who are online, and again, like I was saying, the winds are
escalated.
You guys are just going to forever be thinking like, what do they have that I don't?
And then that causes the overeducation cycle that causes you guys to want to look more
and deeper into YouTube videos.
You guys need to stop that.
Just focus on your own journey.
And this is another big thing is just like journaling your trades and seeing the difference
of trades from a month ago to now, or seeing the difference in your trading and how you
guys understand price action from like a year ago compared to now.
And actually seeing that progress, something that sucks about trading is there's like the
super black and white of like, boom, you're either unprofitable or you're profitable.
And when you're in that unprofitable stage, it's just very apparent, like you are consistently
losing money.
So it's super hard to be able to actually track your progress.
But if you guys are journaling your trades, you guys can look back on like several years
or several months worth of trades and you can say like, oh damn, I've actually made
progress.
Even though I'm not necessarily profitable.
Yet that's going to keep you guys going.
And the last thing is just understanding that everybody's on a different timeline.
Okay.
So if you and your friends are trying to do this and one of your friends is able to
like find success a little bit quicker than you, it's okay.
Okay.
Every, every single one of us as humans is different.
Everybody is in a different headspace and people learn to pick up things at different
rates.
So just focus on your own success, focus on your own growth, and you guys are truly going
to become better traders by doing that again.
Like I said, in these YouTube videos, I can only cover like little bits and pieces of
what I think just the overall vague umbrella of unprofitable traders.
If you guys want to be taught or mentored by me personally, you guys can join the TJR
trades blueprint in the description.
Again, this is something similar where it's like you guys would actually be able to get
on a discord call with me, ask your direct trading questions, and that is something that
is actually beneficial where you guys can get in there and that's where I'm able to
smooth out all of these like direct trading mistakes that you guys are making on a daily
basis.
And how do I know that you guys are making them on a daily basis?
You guys are coming to me.
You guys are telling me saying, Hey, I'm making this mistake.
And I'm just like, boom, I've made this mistake so many times where I know the exact cure
for it versus these videos.
It's like, look, I'm just trying to put like an overall umbrella.
Like how can I help these unprofitable traders just get a good overall base to be able to
get them where they want to go.
But if you're somebody that's been at this for a really long time and you guys already
know all the shit that I covered in this video and you're like, man, there's really just
like a couple of things that I think I'm missing or a couple of things that I need
like actual professional coaching with.
And that's where I'm going to be.
I'm going to be able to help you.
But for the most part, if you're an absolute beginner, bro, don't even bother with that
shit and just focus on these YouTube videos, but don't get too involved with them.
Okay.
Focus on these YouTube videos, build that overall base and those fundamentals.
And trust me, you guys will be well on your way to profitability.
That being said, I love and appreciate you guys.
I'll catch you guys in the next one.
Peace out.


==============================
VIDEO 003 — 7 Trading Rules That Changed My Life-VTwmHVAX29o
==============================

Look, I have been trading for years now, and as you guys know, I made good money from the markets.
On top of that, I've also lost a little bit of money. I've made a whole bunch of money and then
gave it all back to the market, but now I've been able to consistently make money from the markets
for the past couple years now, and the goal is to help you guys be able to do the same.
And these are going to be seven rules that really change the game in terms of trading for me that
don't necessarily require any sort of strategy or indicator or chart work that once I implemented
these things, for me, it took a lot longer because I just kept making the same mistake over and over
and over again, and it took me like six months to get past all of these things. And then once I
realized it, I was like, oh my gosh, why was I being so dumb? So I wanted to put all of these
in one video for you guys so that you guys can implement them right now. So either you guys can
stop making the same exact mistakes that I kept making over and over and over again, or so you
guys can just avoid these mistakes as a whole if you guys haven't made them yet. If you guys are
dealing with some of these, then stick to the end because this is going to be super useful for you
guys. And again, trading is a game.
It's not all about strategy. A lot of it has to do with mindset and a lot of it has to do with
the rules that you're implementing in your own life. And also once you implement it into your
life, you will be able to implement it into your training. So with that being said, let's get into
rule number one. So number one, biggest rule is never trade without a plan. This was a pretty
drastic mistake. I think when everybody starts off learning how to day trade, they go overboard
on the planning and then they end up like writing down all of these rules and they stick to the
rules religiously.
But then when they start learning how to day trade, they go overboard on the planning and then
what happens is they watch more and more YouTube videos and they see the lifestyle, they see the
cars, they see the chains, they see the watches. And then they kind of get sucked into this and
they're like, how can I live this life right the freak now? And then they start trading as if
they should be living that life right now, which they shouldn't be because they haven't done the
work in the first place. And that's exactly what happened to me where when I first started, I had
my trading plan, I had my risk management plan, I had my psychology plan, and I wrote all these
things down and I followed it religiously. And believe it or not, I was actually trading pretty
good.
As a beginner, but then I watched more and more YouTube videos. I almost got information overload
and I started trying all these new things. And the next thing I know, I'm trading with a strategy
that doesn't really follow any of the rules that I had already laid out in the first place.
I'm risking way more than my risk management plan had, and I'm taking way more trades and I'm
trading emotionally, not following my psychological plan. And it ended up fucking me up for a long
time. And literally like the entire time that I was unprofitable, I
had a plan set up, but I wouldn't follow it literally every single day. And I'll look over
this plan. I'm like, yep, all this stuff makes sense. And then I would go and I would trade
against it every single day. And believe it or not, what happens when you trade against your
plan, you end up losing more than you end up winning. So this is just a super simple,
super awesome reminder for you guys to stick to the plan that you guys have. And I know it sounds
dumb and I know it sounds super simple and obvious, like, duh, TJR, I'm going to stick to my plan,
but you guys are fucking up and you guys are not sticking to your plan every single day.
You know how I know this? It's because I was doing the same exact shit. I had a plan,
but then for whatever reason, there would be trading days where I wouldn't stick to it.
And then I would give all the money that I made from that week or that month back to the market
when I wasn't sticking to my plan. So I know that first one is super obvious, but please,
there's a reason why we have plans in the first place. It's to help us be probable within the
markets. It's to help us have a high probability of making money and being consistent with making
money. Because if we don't stick to our plan, we immediately just boom,
shoot our probability in the freaking head. Then what are we left with? We're left with
unprobable conditions with how we're trading. Okay. Let's move in to number two. Okay. So
rule number two is how to size up. And the rule that we can call this is sizing up after
consistency, not after profit. This one was a brutal one. And I've told this story many times,
but if you guys remember back when I was learning how to trade, I was able to turn $10,000 in
to $112,000. And then the very next day I lost it all. What was I doing wrong? How can you guys
avoid doing the same thing? And how can you guys not follow in my footsteps so that you guys can
actually size up, scale, compound your trading account, but by doing it in a safe and responsible
manner so that you're not over-risking and you're not over-leveraging and you're not going to entice
yourself to fall into these psychological issues as you start sizing up. So my biggest issue was I
had one winning day.
And it was like, wow, this was huge. And keep in mind, I was also over-leveraging. I wasn't
following my plan during that winning day. So there was a lot of mistakes that I was making.
I have a winning day. And what did I do? I noticed that, hey, my account size is now three
times bigger than what I started with. So with that in mind, I should do three times the amount
that I was entering with before. And keep in mind before I was still over-leveraging. So now I'm
over-leveraging by three X the amount. And I did it again. And guess what? I got really fucking
lucky.
And for two days in a row, I got really lucky. I was able to flip that account. I was literally
able to 10X it. And then guess what? On the third day, what happened? Boom, lost it all because I
followed that exact same thing. So how can we learn to size up with consistency rather than
sizing up with profits? This is something that I implement on a daily basis for me, where I'm not
sizing up my risk with every single day's worth of profit. So let's say we have like a $10,000
return. We're able to make $1,000. So we get a 10% return. That's really freaking good. Okay. We get
a 10% return. We're up a thousand dollars. Does that mean I'm going to start risking based on
that $11,000 account balance? For me, I would say no, because ideally we are going to be trading
with the same amount that we're comfortable with. The amount that we were comfortable with was
ideally again, that $10,000 account balance size. So whatever size we were using there to be able
to grow the account to $11,000, to be able to get that $11,000 account balance, that's going to be
that 10% return. We weren't over leveraging. We weren't over trading. We weren't enticing any of
those psychological emotions that cause us to make bad decisions within the market. And if we were to
size up, then who knows that might cause us to get a little bit emotional because now we're
risking more than we were doing just this past week or the past two weeks ago. So what I like
to do is I like to just follow consistency. So over time, I'm continuously risking the same
amount. And if I notice, Hey, and you guys have very short time.
I'm not saying after a week size up, I'm not saying after a month size up, I'm saying like
after multiple quarters. So like two quarters after six months, you're like, Hey, I've been
trading super consistently. I've been making good profits. Then you can put yourself in the head
space to be like, okay, now I have the ability to be able to size up my risk because I've grown
this account. Now let's say 30% or 40% where now it's actually doing myself a disservice by
risking too little. Okay. So what I like to do is I like to prove to myself, Hey, I've been
consistent with this risk amount. My account balance has grown drastically while being
consistent with this risk amount. And now this is going to be a big change. I'm willing to risk
a little bit more. And if you notice that once you start risking a little bit more, you start
falling into these emotional traps. You stop following your plan. You start over trading,
you start over leveraging, then boom, you got to rotate it right back down to that original risk
where emotions aren't involved. Okay. So that was a big one for me where I was so eager to increase
my size because I was like, I want to get rich quick. That's not what day trading is. Okay.
You're you're no one ever is going to get rich quick from day trading or any side hustle for
that matter. So again, you want to size with consistency as your skillset grows,
not as your account balance grows. Okay. So again, once you notice that, Hey, I'm leveling
up as a trader, and I'm telling you this right now, you don't level up as a trader within one
week. You don't level up as a trader within one month. It's just like the gym. Okay. You go to
the gym, you lift it, you're lifting weights. You're going to see progress over like a couple
months. You're not going to see progress within a week. You may might see a little progress within
a month, but that doesn't mean you should just start altering everything. Okay. So that's rule
number two, super big one size after consistency rule number three is going to be, you guys only
need one fucking strategy. Holy shit. I'm going to reach through the screen and I'm going to punch
you guys in the face. If you guys keep switching strategies, this was something that literally put
a pause on my growth as a unprofitable trader towards being a profitable trader. I would watch
one YouTuber and I would try out their strategy and then it would work for like a week. And then
it would stop. It would stop working. But again, we need to expand our time horizons on this.
We have to understand that trading isn't just one week's worth of data. It's not just a couple
days worth of data. Okay. So if you guys try out a strategy and after the first day, it doesn't
work because you took a singular loss on that day.
Maybe that means you just don't know the confluence as well enough. Maybe that means
it's your first fucking day using the strategy and you guys probably aren't going to be the
best at trading that way. So you need to give yourself time. And ideally you guys find a
strategy that not only makes sense to you guys and why you guys are placing trades and why you
guys are literally betting money, that price is going to move in the direction that you want it
to go. And then also you find a strategy that works for you, that works for whatever your work
schedule is, whatever your school schedule is, whatever your school schedule is, whatever your
schedule is, because if you guys aren't doing that, then again, you guys are doing yourself a
disservice. So if you guys want to trade like me, I give you guys full in-depth detail on how you
guys can use my confluences, use my strategy, not only in the free course linked down below,
but also in my mentorship. If you guys want to become one of my students and actually ask me
personal questions, get on coaching calls with me so I can figure out all of your personal
questions that might not be answered on these YouTube videos. That's fine. But regardless of
that, find one strategy that works for you.
Okay. That was like one of my biggest mistakes is I was just jumping from this strategy doesn't
work anymore. This strategy doesn't work anymore. This strategy doesn't work anymore. That's like
jumping from side hustle to side hustle to side hustle without even giving it enough time to play
out. Okay. Because you guys are going to suck at it. Strategies are just like any other skill.
You guys are going to suck in the beginning and then you guys are going to figure things out.
You guys are going to make mistakes and you guys are going to grow from those mistakes.
And then eventually it's going to play out at the end of the day. It really doesn't matter
what fucking strategy you guys use in day trading. I don't even care if you guys are
using my strategy. My strategy makes sense to me. That's why I trade it. If my strategy doesn't
make sense to you. Awesome. Go watch another YouTuber. I'm literally encouraging you guys
to go watch another YouTuber, find a strategy that works for you, that makes sense for you
and why they trade it. And then boom, stick to that single one and then just grind it out until
you're an absolute pro with it. Because if you guys jump from strategy to strategy, you're again
killing all of your probabilities within the market because you're trading differently every
single day. It goes back to rule one.
We have to trade with a plan. Rule number four. If you guys are feeling off, don't freaking
trade. This is a huge one when it comes to psychology. Okay. If you guys are traveling
and you guys are on a freaking plane, believe it or not, I have placed trades while on a
plane. And guess what happened to those trades? I got stopped out. Why? Because I'm not in
the mental headspace that I need to be. If I'm not in my office looking at the charts
and not in completely locked in trading mode, there's a negative reason for you guys to
trade. Not one bit. Okay. It's just like, how can I explain this? Like you need to be in the
zone. This is your full-time job. If you aren't able to treat this like a full-time job, then you
are not going to get the results that you are expecting as if it was a full-time job. If you
half-ass it, if you treat it like a game, if you treat it like a slot machine, if you treat it like
a casino, then you guys are never going to make money from this. You guys have to be focused.
You guys have to be locked in. A great example is of this. Let's say I break up with my girlfriend.
That causes a lot of emotions. Okay. I might be feeling down. I might be feeling sad. I'm not in
If I'm sitting down and I'm looking at the charts and my brain is all over the place,
I should not be trading that day. Same thing for you guys. If you guys have some sort of emotional
things that are going on in your life, maybe your parents passed away, God forbid. Okay. Or maybe
your grandparents passed away. Maybe a pet passed away. You guys are, I don't know why
using those as examples, but you guys get what I'm saying. If you guys are in an emotional state
where you guys are emotionally unstable, that is the worst time, the worst time for you guys to go
and trade. Just like how it's the worst time for you guys to go and trade. If you guys are in an
worst time in life to go out and try and like take away all those emotions, you need to process
those emotions. You need to fully process, get your grieving said and done, get whatever those
emotions are doing to you, process them and get them out and get them out of the way because
it's going to affect you the more you try and push them out. Okay. Because it's just going to
be forever lingering. Do what you need to do. Take days off from the market because you guys aren't
going to be in the mental headspace to be able to trade. Because what happens if you guys are
already sad and then you guys go and
place a trade and then you guys lose that trade, you're going to crash the fuck out. You're going
to probably want to place another trade because you want that dopamine hit. You want to be able
to feel good and actually maybe turn your day around because you're feeling sad. Oh no, I need
to chase this win. And then what do we end up doing? Trading without a plan, over leveraging,
over trading, and then boom, guess what happens? We end up losing our account. Believe it or not,
this happened to me very frequently. Okay. I used to deal with a whole bunch of mental health
issues. Um, still do. Okay. My, my emotions are, are sometimes out of whack. I have been
able to enjoy myself alone and I've been able to process my emotions way, way better. And I
attribute a lot of that due to my discipline to be a good day trader before all of this, when I was
an unprofitable day trader. And when I was still trying to figure out trading, I struggled a lot
with my emotions, not just within trading, but specifically in my own life. Okay. I went through
a lot of hard times mentally where I was depressed. I was anxious and it was very difficult for me to
be able to process those emotions because I was not able to process my emotions. And I was able to
I was using other things, bad things like drugs and alcohol as an outlet for me, or not as an
outlet as just like a block. Okay. So I'll tune out all of those emotions, but then guess what?
You wake up the next morning and you're sober and all those emotions come back. So what did I have
to do? I had to sit myself down and I had to tell myself, look, you have to process your own
emotions. You have to be comfortable with yourself when you're alone. Now I live in this big ass
house all alone with my dog. That's literally sleeping right next to me. And I actually love
being alone. Why? Because I'm comfortable.
I'm comfortable in my own skin and I know how to process my emotions now. And I attribute a lot of
that to day trading. If you guys want to become a good day trader and you guys are in one of those
bad mental health ruts, understand that not only you processing these emotions and you helping
yourself get out of this rut while you're alone, while you're at rock bottom, because I was there
before and I know how it feels. It feels like nobody's there to help you. It feels like nobody
fucking loves you. And it feels like the world is just against you. That's when you have yourself.
And that's when you have God to talk to where you can sit yourself down and you can say, look, I have
all of these things that are going against me. So there's only one person that can help me out of
this. And it's myself. Okay. You can sit yourself down and you just literally like, let those
emotions pour out. There's so many times where I was just like sitting in my bed. Like when I first
moved to Puerto Rico, I remember the first night I was in my house alone and I was sitting on my
bed and I was like, I have no friends here. I have nobody that is here to support me. And I'm freaking
out. And I started crying and it was just like, I don't know what the fuck to do. Um, and instead
of causing throwing a huge fit. Okay. I let myself process those emotions. And I said, Hey, how are we
going to figure this out? How am I going to make the most out of this opportunity? Because I know
that me moving. Okay. And me putting myself in that super uncomfortable situation was actually
the best opportunity of my entire life. And you guys saw how much I've progressed since moving
continuously changing for the better, because I'm getting better at processing my emotions.
And again, this one's super personal to me because I've dealt with just a whole bunch of mental health
issues. And I'm sure that this is going to be a personal to you guys as well, because more often
than not, if you guys want to get into day trading, it's typically because you guys don't really
relate to a lot of people that are in your friend group or your friend group. Okay. Or within your
social circle or within your environment, you want to do something else. You want to be your
own boss. And you guys are just going to have to go through those tough times in order to
make it out and in order to fully enjoy your life. So please do yourself a favor and do me a
favor for you guys. Understand that I was in your exact position before as well. Process those
emotions, let them flow out. Okay. And just take a deep breath. You got this and understand that
you are the person that is going to be able to change your own life. Rule number five, do not
have fear of missing out. Don't have FOMO. Okay. Do not chase trades. So this one's pretty
self-explanatory, but this kind of
ties into emotions. A lot of times we'll get it into the charts and we will map out our daily
bias and our daily bias will start maybe playing out or it will have already played out. And then
we're like, Oh damn it. That was like the trade that I wanted to take, but I didn't take it
because my confluences didn't line up. And now I should have made money today. So now I want to
force myself to make money today. And I got to do all of these things in order to make this happen.
Like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Okay. We're not going to do that. If your daily
bias played out, then awesome. You were
able to predict where the market went for the day. That's a win. Okay. That's a win in my book.
Today's a perfect example for me. I got onto the charts. I had my daily bias. My daily bias played
out without me. And what did I do? I just didn't take a trade. Okay. I didn't have the confluences
in order for me to enter a day out of the market is better than a date in the market statistically
for our own probability. Because if we get into the market and we're just chasing price, like
let's say we have our daily bias and boom, it plays out. And you're like, man, I should have
made money today.
I want to make that money that I should have made. And then you start chasing trades. We're
literally going against rule number one. We need to stick to our plan for daily bias plays out.
Just have to be comfortable with that. Okay. Be comfortable not taking trades. That's like
one of the biggest things that every single beginner trader falls into bro. And it's like
me now looking at you guys, I'm like, how, like, how are you guys falling into this? But then I
think back to myself when I was unprofitable and I totally get how you guys fell into it. Now I'm
comfortable.
Not taking any trades on a daily basis. I'll take like, like last week, I only took one trade,
but that one trade was a substantial amount of profit and it was good for me. Okay. And it was
the only good setup that I saw that week today, I didn't see a trade. So I'm not going to take
it. The best traders in the entire world are not taking trades on a daily basis. So what makes
you think that you as an unprofitable trader are better than all of the best traders in the world
who deem the market not fit to trade every single day.
It doesn't make sense. And some of you guys are even taking multiple trades every single day. That is not okay at all. Okay. You guys need to understand when the market is good to trade. And when, again, just stick to your plan. If your plan says, Hey, now's a good time to trade. Awesome. Take that shot. But if your plan doesn't play out and you guys aren't able to take a trade, just leave bro. Be done because there's no probability for you within the market. Why? Because it's not following your plan. Rule number six, journal your fucking trades.
Journal, journal your fucking trades or else you guys are going to be taking shots and taking trades. And then if you guys win or if you guys lose, you guys won't even know what to do again or what not to do again. One of the biggest turning points for me was journaling my trades and noticing mistakes that I was making on a daily basis where it's like, Oh, Hey, I took a trade without waiting for this confluence. The past six times I lost. And then the past four times that I won, I waited for that confluence.
And believe it or not, once I stopped doing that, and once I started waiting for that confluence, guess what? Your win rate immediately will go up by tracking. This is something that I tell all of my mentorship students within the blueprint. If you guys are not tracking your own data, then how do you expect to be able to find room for improvement? It's one thing where you guys are like, Oh yeah, I've had like emotional things. And that's kind of like all over the place. We can't really use data to like track that. But when it comes to actually placing freaking trades, we can track literally every single ounce of data. And the best way to do that is by
having a trade journal. Okay. So right. Whether it was a long position, whether it was a short position, what you guys risked on that day, what confluences you guys use, right? Every single thing that caused you guys to place the trade in the first place. And then after the fact, right? Like a post trade recap. So you place the trade, you write down every, every single thing that you guys did. And then after the fact, you write down every single thing that you did right. And everything, single thing that you did wrong. So you can look back and be like, Hey, when I do this thing over and over and over again, I end up winning a lot more.
Or when I do this over and over and over again, I end up losing a lot. So believe it or not, when you stop doing the things that are causing you to lose. And when you do more of the things that are causing you to win, guess what happens? Your win rate goes up and your money goes up. The seventh last and final rule that every single one of you guys should apply is how you treat your life is how you guys are going to treat your own trading. This is kind of going to encapsulate everything into one. And it's as simple as this. If you guys are not disciplined in your own life,
if you guys are not consistent in your own life, what makes you think that you will be disciplined and consistent within your own trading? Something that I repeat all the time to my mentorship students, something that I repeat all the time to you guys is if you guys are acting a certain way out in the real world, out in life, and it doesn't follow necessarily the same plan or the same emotional standpoint or the same rules that you expect to apply yourself and do within your own trading. Why do you think that you can be disciplined and consistent within just one
tiny aspect within your own life and then live a completely reckless and crazy, drastic, different life than this one little thing that you want to master? You guys want to master trade trading. You have to master your own life. And that goes down to strategy that comes down to emotions that comes down to risk. So a lot of you guys are unprofitable traders, not even from the things that you guys are doing, not come on, dude, not even from the things that you guys are doing within trading.
But it's how you guys are treating your own life. You guys are living like absolute fucking bums. You guys are inconsistent. You guys are emotional and you guys aren't disciplined for shit. And then you wonder why you aren't able to be consistent, be disciplined and have good emotional headspace when you're trading. It's because in life, you guys aren't even able to follow that for yourselves. One of the biggest turning points in my trading career was when I realized that trading is more than just trading. Whenever you guys are trying to get into a side hustle or just be self-employed or
be able to work for yourself, be your own boss, your work is your life. Okay. There's not a single day that I am not working. Okay. No matter what I work 365 days a year. Okay. And a lot of people in the real world that work nine to five jobs, they can go through the motions within their own jobs. Why? Because they know that they have a paycheck coming their way. They know that they can be a little bit sloppy with their work. They know that they can be a little bit undisciplined as long as they aren't going to get fired. But when you're working for yourself, every single thing matters because you are the one
that determines who gets paid. Okay. You are the one that determines if you perform well or not. Okay. So that's what a lot of people, like they just, they think it's the same thing as just like going through the motions of a regular job. And it's not, this has to be your entire life. If you guys actually want to make this work, if you guys actually want to be able to be successful within trading, you guys have to prioritize trading as your life. Okay. Like I know it sounds maybe a little bit scary or a little bit crazy, but that's what it takes in order to be successful in this. And in order to
be successful in really any line of work where you're your own boss, because you yourself are the determiner of what happens within your own business or what happens within your own side hustle. Okay. So if you guys can take anything from this video, please do yourself a favor, turn your life around. You guys are, you guys need to do a full 180 of your life and start knocking all these things off. Okay. You guys have to be disciplined. You guys have to be consistent. You guys have to show up every single day. This was something that I was telling someone over the weekend and they came up to me and they were like, Oh dude, you're a huge inspiration. What's something that you can tell me
that can help me get to your level? And I told them this, you have to be disciplined and you have to show up every single day, every single day. It's easy for us to get 1% better. We are able to get 1% better every single day. There are going to be some days where we get 300% better, 400% better. But if we aren't showing up every single day to get 1% better, we might miss those 300% better opportunities. We might miss those 400% better days. And the only way to see those exponential growth and to
be able to literally create your own luck by being in the position to be able to get lucky is by showing up every single day and being consistent. So again, these rules, they didn't just make me a better trader. They made trading easier for me. They made life easier and better for me. Okay. Once I was able to control my emotions, my life, my life came, became so much better. I'm way happier now. Being able to minimize and make everything more efficient makes your life just so much simpler. Just stop doing that.
Stop doing all the shit that you're not supposed to. And again, if you guys are having trouble with all of these things, or if you guys have like personal questions and want me or other profitable traders to be able to answer these things, there's going to be a link down in the description. So you guys can be coached by me personally. Okay. Be mentored by me. And again, by all means, that's not necessary. Okay. You guys can learn trading 100% on your own for free on YouTube. That's what these YouTube videos are here to do for you guys. But again, I know that sometimes these YouTube videos can only do so much. Some of you guys are dealing with specific personal issues within your own life or
specific trading issues that you guys are dealing with in your own trading. And these videos are for the masses for what I would imagine the majority of unprofitable traders would need. Not exactly what you behind the camera on the screen needs from me as a day trader and as a mentor. So if you guys want to be coached by me personally, I'll leave a link down in the description per usual. I love and appreciate you guys. Hopefully this video helped. Peace.


==============================
VIDEO 004 — Copy My Simple Order Block Strategy You’ve Never Seen Before-ohgTRJLd1gQ
==============================

If you're anything like the other 99% of traders who try to trade order blocks,
then your trades probably look something like this.
You mark up your order block, your perfect order block.
You place your trade, you get tagged into your trade, and everything seems to look good.
And then, out of nowhere, for no reason known to you,
price just obliterates through your level and you're left with another stop loss,
wondering and doubting whether what you're doing is correct and why your order block didn't work.
Well, in today's video, I want to reveal to you how to actually choose the correct order blocks that work consistently.
This is a four-part video.
In part number one, I'm going to define to you what an order block actually is and why they work.
In part two, I'll show you how to actually identify an order block
or the three different types of order blocks that exist.
In part three, I'll share with you my three golden rules
to make sure that you're choosing the right order blocks.
And take this from someone who has years and years of data.
This is something that I have tested in depth over hundreds and hundreds of trades.
And then finally, in step four, I'll put everything together into a step-by-step trading strategy
so that you can take order blocks and put them into a profitable trading system.
Let's dive straight in.
So, what actually is an order block?
An order block refers to an area of price that is protected with more orders.
So, take this area, for example.
This is an area that is likely filled with more orders.
So, that when price comes back into this level, it will just bounce off.
It essentially acts like a blockade and it's very difficult to trade through this level.
Simply because it's armed with more money.
There is more money sitting at this level that wasn't filled originally.
Imagine for a second I wanted to place 100 lots on EURUSD.
But at this current price, because I have so much volume, I can only pull off 50 lots right now.
What I will do is I will place my order blocks on EURUSD.
So, I will place my 50 lots, maybe price will go up, and then I will put another 50 lots at this level for when price comes back so that I can get my other 50 at this price instead of getting 50 at this price and then price goes up and then I have to put another 50 in here and price goes up even further.
That is how smart money operate.
That is how institutions position their orders.
When an order block gets printed and it follows the rules of smart money, the rules that I'm going to be outlining to you in this video,
then when it gets at this level,
it is likely going to bounce off in the continual direction that it was trading.
But not all order blocks are the same.
The truth is order blocks are everywhere always.
And 98% of them don't work.
If you choose the wrong one, hoping that it will block orders,
it's just as delusional as a fighter jet shooting a rocket and you trying to protect it with a cycling helmet.
It's going to destroy you.
And that's what happens to 98% of order blocks.
98% of order blocks just get traded straight through.
And that's why you're struggling.
You're struggling right now with trying to trade them.
So let's dive in.
A good order block like the one that we see on screen right now should hold this level and simply produce a bounce reaction.
And the entire goal with order blocks is an area of price that you can look to be a buyer or seller from.
They are not the be all and end all.
You still need other factors.
So how do we actually spot them?
Well, here are the three different variations that you could use when identifying order block.
And the truth is that,
no one or the other is more or less valuable,
as you will see as we get later into the video.
So the first definitive type is the final sell candle before an aggressive buy move towards the upside.
And notice, typically speaking, all good order blocks should leave an area of market inefficiency.
Market inefficiency from a price action perspective can be witnessed as taking the first candle in a three candle formation,
the first candle high in a bullish example,
and the third candle low.
And you will see that this low does not touch this high and it creates a gap in the market.
That is what we obviously call a fair value gap, which is essentially just an area of market inefficiency.
This shows us that aggressive buyers dominated at this level.
The same can be true for a bearish example.
If you were to get the flip side and you had a bullish candle followed by a very aggressive bearish candle,
that could too be your supply zone.
So the first one is simply the final sell candle.
The second variation is again using that sell to buy, but in a multi candle formation.
Sometimes you might get an aggressive sell candle and then a few bullish candles and then a big bullish candle.
And you can still use just the bearish candle itself as the order block.
So you can see in here that we have used from this high to this low as the order block,
not really caring about this candle.
And the third example is,
using the first candle of the momentum.
Simply put, when you have this bullish momentum and it leaves this fair value gap,
we are interested in the first candle to really build that momentum in that price leg.
So not one is better than the other.
All are completely valid order blocks.
It just depends on the situation because each price scenario may give a different type of order block,
but you can use all of them.
There will be no differentiation.
So remember the two examples that we just looked at.
And if we look at this specific example,
this specific price action right here,
you can see that before this aggressive move toward the upside in here,
there is a big sell candle right here.
This is a sell candle before an aggressive buy candle and a continuation.
You can see that the final candle,
the high of the first candle,
the low of the third candle,
they do not touch.
So we have a fair value gap.
In this scenario, you could use option number one,
which is the final sell to buy as the order block.
You could also refine this level and you could use this level.
And you're focused on this one, right?
They are both completely valid.
And in this instance, I personally would use the final sell to buy.
An order block is just an area of interest.
There is something far more important that you need to see before even thinking about taking a trade.
And I'm going to share that with you in rule number three of my three rule principles.
Additionally, if you look here as well,
what you can see is you can see a bullish candle before aggressive sell off.
This bullish candle before the sell off right here,
that would be the example of a final buy to sell.
So again, no specific order block is better than the other.
I have the data to prove it.
But all of these three types of order blocks do exist and they all do occur,
but they all occur usually differently.
And so depending on the situation, use the required order block.
So now we know what an order block is.
We know how to identify them.
Now I need to walk you through my three crucial rules
that will separate the losing order blocks to the winning order blocks.
The first principle and the first rule
is follow the money.
What does that mean?
I see so many people trying to trade order blocks and they don't follow the money.
They do literally the opposite.
And so for me, follow the money is only trading from order blocks that are pro-trend.
It sounds very simple, but you would be shockingly surprised
at how many people ignore this principle.
For example, here you can see we have a swing low.
We have a swing high.
We have a break of structure.
So we are bullish.
We have a higher low, higher high.
Price comes down.
Higher low down here, right?
Again, what is this?
This right here is a bearish order block.
But notice that we are bullish.
You would be so surprised at how many times I see people
trying to trade from order blocks like this
because it gives a little displacement inside of this price leg in here.
It gives a perfect fair value gap, right?
And they try to trade from this level and it has a reaction
and then it just poof straight through their level
and they don't understand why.
Do not try to trade against the trend.
Again, swing high.
Price comes down.
We have a break of structure.
Right?
Swing high.
Swing low.
We are pro-trend.
Where is our structure?
We have a swing high up here
and we have a swing low down here.
We have just created a bearish order block at this high
which is really just not important to us.
What is important to us is order blocks that are with the trend.
It is that simple.
So most people, again, can get confused with this.
Make sure you are using external structure.
Right?
Swing high.
Swing low.
Swing high.
What I see so many people do is they go,
okay, this is a high.
This is a low.
High.
Lower low.
Okay, now we are bullish.
Come in here.
Okay, now we are bullish.
Okay, so now there is going to be some order block at this level
and I am just going to trade that level.
And then when we trade through it, we shift bearish
and now I am going to trade this level in here.
And they try to trade from here.
But we are still bullish.
Right?
Like please, please, please remember we are bullish.
And so the level that we should be trading from
and the only level we should be trading from
is this one.
This sell to buy here
at the low of this price leg.
Right?
Follow the money.
The likelihood is, the probability tells us
that price will come down here
and will block orders
and bounce
and continue.
And this is where we want to be looking at trading from.
Always, always, always
follow
the
money.
So here is an example of what following the money actually looks like.
So you can see here we are pretty much in an established bearish market.
Of course, price has become a little bit choppy
but you can quite clearly see that we are bearish.
Right?
We have a break of structure down here.
We have another break of structure down here.
So you can see here we have, you know, maybe swing low,
swing high,
swing low,
swing high,
swing low.
Price comes back up to this level.
Swing high,
swing low.
So you can see that we are bearish.
Right?
Now what happens?
Again, aggressive continuation in that direction.
A wick of this high which doesn't count as a break.
So we have swing high
and we have
what we think may be a swing low.
So follow the money.
Right?
What else can you just see?
Well, you can see that price just left behind
also
a bullish order block.
And you know how many people are just looking into the wrong types of structure?
Like
they look at this low,
this high,
this low.
Okay.
That's some type of shift.
Okay.
Fair value gap.
Okay.
I'm going to trade this order block in here.
Right?
They're going to try to trade from that level.
Okay.
Cool.
Wrong.
You might get that reaction.
Things start going well.
And then,
boof,
you're just going to get traded straight through.
Why?
Because you weren't following the money.
Right?
You should have been
following the money.
If you were following the money,
you would have noticed
that we had a swing high.
We have an obvious
bearish order block.
Bearish order block.
And then we have a pullback.
We tap perfectly into this order block.
And then we take these equal lows
straight into this direction.
You want to be the person
who's patient enough
to wait for this level,
not impatient enough
to try to trade this
or
this.
Because again,
it might have a little bit of a reaction,
but eventually,
it's just going to fall through.
It's going to fail.
So,
principle number two,
avoid the traps.
Now,
to me,
this just sounds obvious.
But again,
I am so surprised
at how many times
I have people come to me
and they're like,
why doesn't my order blocks work?
And they are sitting at levels
that are so obviously traps
that anybody should be able to see it.
And so first and foremost,
what is a trap?
A trap for me
is an area of liquidity
that you're expecting price to trade into.
So for example,
that could be equal highs.
That could be trendline liquidity.
Right?
That could be equal lows.
Right?
What else could it be?
It could also be Asia session high.
It could be Asia session low.
Right?
It could also be
previous days high.
It could also be an area
at previous days low.
Right?
Areas that you would expect
that price is going to want to run into
to collect liquidity.
And so make sure
that we're avoiding the traps.
For example,
you can see here,
structure,
follow the money.
So you can see here,
we are bullish.
Right?
We have a swing low,
higher high,
higher low,
higher high,
higher low,
higher high.
So we're bullish.
And that's awesome.
A lot of people are able to follow step number one,
but then they're not able to avoid traps.
Here we are.
We can see we broke structure from this level,
which is completely fine.
There's a beautiful order block here.
Amazing.
But what you're not looking at
is below here,
we have,
for example,
Asia session low.
Or maybe we have London low.
Right?
We also have equal lows.
Right?
We have liquidity at these lows.
And we're expecting
that price is going to want to come through this
before going.
And so make sure that you're avoiding the traps.
Make sure that you're following the money
and make sure that you're avoiding the traps.
So in this scenario,
we want to be using
this level.
Right?
This level here
is the level that we want to use.
Not this level.
This level,
a lot of the times,
is going to get traded straight through.
And what will likely happen
is price will hit this level,
have a little bit of a reaction,
just come straight through here
until it gets to the real level.
And then it goes.
And you're left thinking
that you were just early,
but you weren't.
You didn't avoid a trap.
You got trapped.
This is a beautiful example
of what avoiding a trap
can look like in your trading
and how you can actually get trapped
in this type of price action.
So this is from a day
that I actually traded myself
live with my Inner Circle members.
We traded this
and traded it live.
We were buyers of the same price action.
So we're all correct.
The bias is long.
And if you think
that it would be a good fit for you
or beneficial to you
to be one of those people
that I live trade with you,
that I live trade with every single day,
you first have to be a verified member
of Prosperity School.
So if you want to go down that route,
I'm leaving a 45 minute training down below
that I think will massively help your trading.
It's first.
But secondly, is the route into our ecosystem.
Check that out.
It's the first link in the description.
But yeah, this was a trade that I caught
and I can put it in here.
And what I specifically said was,
essentially, we're going to wait
for this level to get taken.
So you can see here, right?
No doubt about it.
We are bullish and that's awesome.
And we also have some kind of internal
realignment, right?
So you've got this internal structure shift
in here, right?
Coming into London session.
The problem is though,
is you have this order block down here,
which is perfect in theory.
And on the hourly timeframe,
maybe it's this one.
The problem though,
is that this right here
is Asia session low.
This right here is previous day's
New York session low, right?
So they are obvious points of liquidity
that we're expecting price target.
So I specifically say in my morning
outlook, I am a buyer
as long as we trade below this level.
And I will literally put that clip in there.
I'm looking at a liquidation of this Asia low
and then lower timeframe shift
and then trade longs.
And so I'm waiting for price to,
yes, trade higher,
but I want it to be below this level
because this is a trap.
It's a clear and obvious trap.
And what happens later that day?
We trade straight through it.
And then New York comes,
we go for one more sweep of that low.
And at that point,
I was already a buyer.
I had already brought in these lows.
And actually, you know what?
I will explain this trade.
This is the trade that I'm going to walk you through
using this specific model
at the end of this video.
And then you can see, right?
The next day, price rallies.
And this was our end target.
So make sure that you avoid traps, right?
Avoid these traps.
Because trust me,
order blocks at these levels,
they just don't work.
They just don't work.
Okay.
And finally,
before putting this all together
into a step-by-step trading strategy,
I want to show you my rule number three,
which is how to put order blocks on steroids.
You see, what I've taught you today
is good enough for you to go away,
use those two principles for order blocks,
and you will remove most of your losing trades.
Quite literally,
if you just follow the money
and avoid the traps,
you will make good money trading order blocks.
But if you want to put order blocks on steroids,
if you want to increase your win rate,
how many trades that you win,
how many order blocks that you're right on,
and you want to increase how much you make when you're right,
then this is literally one of the most powerful tools
known inside of my strategy arsenal.
And without this,
I wouldn't be anywhere near as profitable as I am.
And that is order blocks on steroids,
which is the right confirmation.
You see, it's all well and good having an order block.
You can see here,
we have a swing low.
We have a swing high.
We have a swing low down here.
We have a higher high.
We hit above these highs in here.
And we have an order block.
But maybe that order block is all the way down here.
Or what sometimes happens as well, guys,
is that maybe price starts trading higher like this.
Maybe you've experienced this.
And then out of nowhere,
you get a pullback and a continuation.
And maybe you have two order blocks.
And in these scenarios,
you don't quite know what to do.
Option A,
do you just choose one and forget the other?
Do you just do what I tried to do
when I first started trading
and I was only confident
we've taken the origin levels
because I was scared
that these ones wouldn't work?
That bit me in the ass.
There's so many trades
that are just short continuations.
So do you A,
just avoid this one?
And then you,
how many times have to just watch this
as you could have just continuously
over and over again
taken the trades from this level?
Do you avoid this one?
And then you take your loss in here
and then you watch the same thing again
as price reacts from this level?
Do you trade both of them
and double your risk exposure?
Do you take this one
and then also take this one?
And so on a losing day
where you are wrong,
which is going to happen,
you took a loss on this one
and a loss on this one.
What do you do?
For me, the answer to this question
was simply order flow confirmation.
So when I have my directional bias,
right, I'm following the money.
What happens is,
is when price is coming back
on the one minute timeframe,
price is going to be bearish.
So when we get into these levels,
I'm waiting for a pullback into here
and a shift above this high.
So you'll notice here, right,
that we are one minute timeframe is bearish.
I'm waiting for this
to get shifted above the highs.
That's my confirmation
that this is the order block
that I'm going to use.
And then what I do,
which is sneaky,
but it's so crazy.
Imagine, for example,
you were just trying to trade
from this order block.
You put your stop loss below this low
and you're just targeting a one to two, right?
Imagine that for a second.
That's what a lot of people do.
For me, with my confirmation,
here's what I can do.
I can wait for this.
And so I get extra confirmation,
which means that I'm right more than I'm not.
And then I can just use the order block
from this level.
And so I can just be a buyer from here
and I can put my stop loss at this low.
And then all of a sudden,
your one to two risk to reward
for me is a one to nine risk to reward.
I'm 4.5 times more on my return on investment.
And do you know what that means?
That means that if you take 10 trades, right,
if you take 10 trades
and you lose five of your trades,
you lose five.
And if you win five of your trades,
you gain 10.
So 10 minus five is five.
So you got five times your risk.
If I take 10 trades and I win five,
so I win nine times five, 45,
and then I lose five.
So minus five,
I'm 40 on my risk reward.
I'm eight times more profitable than you.
Simply because I understand
how to use risk versus reward.
That is my secret weapon.
And what can happen to you as well
is you might use this order block here,
one to two risk reward,
and you've taken that trade, right?
But for me, I didn't get confirmation
because at this level,
if I don't see this shift happen,
I'm not a buyer.
And you would be surprised
at how many times price comes into an order block
and just trades straight through it.
And you've taken a loss right now.
But for me, I'm just waiting to see this.
And then I take this.
And now all of a sudden,
you're a buyer at this level.
Congratulations, it's not a terrible trade.
Right?
You target the swing high.
One to 3.5.
It's not a terrible trade.
But you've just lost one.
So you're actually 2.5.
But me, I've waited for my confirmation.
I've executed down here.
My stops are at these lows.
And you're one to 3.5.
For me, it's a one to 10.5.
And I haven't already taken a losing trade.
All because I wait at my order blocks.
I wait for a shift of order flow.
And that is simply bearish structure
on the one minute timeframe,
flipped to bullish structure
on the one minute timeframe.
And then I just trade the one minute timeframe.
And I use the 15 minute
and the one minute
as fractals together.
That is how you literally
put order blocks on steroids.
So now what I'm going to do,
I'm going to tie all of that together
with an incredibly beautiful trade
that was executed live
with my Inner Circle students.
Hats off to them.
My students on this trade
made collectively over $100,000
on just this one.
So this is that strategy
that I'm showing you right now.
Now, step number one,
follow the money.
Very, very simple.
So if you're following the money,
you will see that we have a high here.
And then we come back.
And then we have a new high.
And then we come back.
And then we have a new high.
Right?
And now we're between this high
and this low.
Me following the money
is looking at buys.
Plain and simple.
I want to look at buying.
I need to buy inside this range.
Now, different types of order blocks.
You can see that we have option number one,
which is right here,
which is on the edge of Asia.
So many people getting stuck
as London opens trying to be a buyer
from this level of continuation.
Step number two,
avoid the traps.
Right?
Clear and obvious liquidity at this level.
Avoid the traps.
So you want to try to find order blocks
that actually make a lot more sense.
For example,
like this,
sell to buy down here.
Right?
Sell to buy.
That can be our order block.
It's that simple, right?
Step one,
follow the money.
We're bullish.
Step two,
avoid the traps.
Don't try to choose order blocks
that are sitting on liquidity.
And then step three,
confirmation.
When you get into this level,
simply wait for the right confirmation.
When we get into this level,
again,
if I just zoom out,
it's the same thing, right?
You can still see it
on the one minute timeframe.
That's the swing high.
That's the swing low.
That's the new swing high.
That's the order block one.
That's the order block two.
That's a trap, right?
When price gets into this level,
you go to the one minute timeframe
and notice something.
Your higher timeframe is bullish.
That's what I'm expecting.
But on my lower timeframe,
look how bearish I am, right?
I'm very, very bearish.
So what do I do?
I wait for price to shift
from being bearish
and I wait for price to shift
to being bullish.
Like it's not rocket science.
Trading actually isn't that hard.
And so notice, right?
You can see that we
shift the highs
in here.
So we become bullish.
But again,
it's not my session open yet, right?
Again, highs above here.
We become bullish.
Now we become bearish.
So at that point, we're bearish, right?
We're bearish.
We're putting in what structure?
We're putting in bearish structure, right?
We're obviously bearish.
So we're still bearish.
So at this point,
if this high goes,
that's my confirmation.
What happens?
We shift bearish again, right?
We go low, high, low.
Now, if we shift this high,
if we shift this high,
I'm a buyer.
What happens?
We shift that high, right?
Plain and simple,
we shift the high.
And I usually use the five minute timeframe.
But on this instance,
there's not really an order block in here.
It actually looks quite messy.
So you can use a three minute timeframe
or whatever minute timeframe.
And you can see here,
same thing applies in the lower timeframe.
This sell to buy,
you can encompass them both.
Long position.
Entry there.
Stop loss goes below this low, right?
Now what you can do,
and honestly,
I'm not going to sit here and tell you
that I held this entire trade all the way up to here.
I didn't, right?
17 risk reward.
I didn't do that.
I cut some off at 5R,
some off at 7R,
and then some off at the full take profit.
But if you were just the type of trader
who was just trying to trade only this order block,
pro trend,
again, not a terrible trade, right?
Genuinely, not a terrible trade.
Like you're following the money,
you're on point.
It's still going to be a one to four rate.
It's still going to be a one to four risk reward.
But the difference between you and me
is now you have to wait.
If you get tagged,
you have to wait for price to go all the way to here
before you can make money
because I'm aggressive down here.
I don't have to do that.
I'm taking my first piece of money
when we hit 5R.
When I hit one to five risk reward,
I'm taking off money from the table.
So all price has to do for me is this.
And I've made money.
And then it can come down here.
I've still made money.
There's a lot of times
where your little reaction from your order block,
right?
You're in profit.
And then just down.
When you don't use this confirmation model,
for me at this point,
if price does this
and then goes,
you took a break even
or maybe you took a loss.
I've already closed most of my trade.
I closed half here.
I closed another half here.
I have a final 25% to run to this high.
So excellent trade management,
which is a bonus for you.
So this is the overall trade.
That's the overall target.
And again,
please,
this is taken live with my students
in the moment.
We executed this together.
And that's the trade idea.
And you can see price comes straight in
and absolutely rockets straight out.
Literally,
within,
we place the order.
One,
two,
three,
four,
five,
six,
seven,
eight,
nine,
10.
Within 10 minutes,
I have hit a one to five risk reward.
On half a million dollar account,
risking 1%,
right?
So you're risking $5,000
on that one trade.
And you just five times that.
You closed half,
$12,500 in 10 minutes.
And the trade isn't even over yet.
And it's crazy.
So many of my students
and my clients have $500,000 in funding.
Like it's not difficult thing to do.
It sounds difficult,
but it's really not.
And then before you know it,
my next take profit,
which was these highs,
that gets hit as well.
How long is that?
You're tagged in 5,
10,
15,
20,
25,
30,
35,
40,
and then for the rest of the take profit,
well,
it took overnight.
So whilst you may be trading just this order block,
maybe,
if you're following the money
and avoiding traps,
that is,
at the very least,
you've still made money,
but you've had to hold through this.
You had to open it,
hold it overnight,
take the swap fees.
You're still in the trade.
Price is coming back down.
You're psychologically exhausted,
right?
You're thinking about closing it.
And then boom,
okay,
now you've hit your take profit,
3.8.
So what took you almost a whole day
literally took me 10 minutes
because I follow the money,
I avoid traps,
and I make sure that my order blocks are on steroids.
And again,
if you want my step-by-step trading strategies
with years worth of back testing
and everything you need to become profitable,
don't forget to check that free training
in the description.


==============================
VIDEO 005 — Day Trading For Beginners： The Complete Starter Guide 2025-a5PLl1uM7CQ
==============================

The sad reality about day trading is that 99% of day traders are unable to pass their first
funded account or they blow their first live account pretty much just sending a whole bunch
of money into the market and never being able to capitalize on it. And if you're like one of
the traders that is trying to day trade with little to no money to your name under $1,000,
the odds are pretty much stacked against you. What if I told you guys that I would be able to
show you guys the way to one, avoid all of those mistakes, avoid giving money back to the market,
avoid giving money to these prop firms and losing money and instead be able to be profitable
on a live account and actually be able to pass a funded account so you can get a payout
from a prop firm. That's my goal with this video today is to show you guys how you guys can not
only start with super low capital within day trading, but also be able to capitalize and
leverage your capital to the best of your abilities so that you guys can start day trading
off on the right foot, unlike everybody else. Okay. So before we get onto the charts and I
just show you breakdown,
all the confluences and strategy, that's the stuff that you guys love. I need to preface this
and say that the majority of the mistakes that you guys will be making when blowing live accounts and
blowing funded accounts doesn't really have to do with strategy. I'm going to teach you guys
strategy within this video and break some confluences down and explain how you guys can
read the market with proficiency. But I know that is going to be the highlighted part of this video
and I don't want it to be. The majority of the mistakes that you guys are going to be making
that are causing you guys to be a little bit more profitable are going to be the mistakes that
are causing you guys to lose your first thousand dollars from day trading and blow funded accounts
is purely from psychology and your own risk management. So I just want to preface that.
I'm going to give you guys different psychology rules, different psychology tips and different
risk management tools and give breakdown and risk management strategy for both forms of trading,
whether you're trading on a live account or whether you're trading on a prop firm.
And then I'm also going to give you a strategy, but I just want to preface that because I know
you guys are getting in here and you're like, bet I'm going to learn TJ.
Our prop firm strategy and boom, we made it. And for the most part, you guys already know my
strategy. You guys already know the confluences. So if you guys are going to continue watching this
video, it's not for the strategy. And I know this is going to cause a whole bunch of people to leave
the video. I'm fucking fine with that. Leave because I don't, you guys are never going to
be successful in trade. The only people that are going to be successful in trading understand that
becoming a good and successful and profitable day trader, it takes three very important skills.
Not only does it take an edge within the market edge, no goon. Okay. I'm talking about,
I'm talking about strategy, fully understanding where price wants to go, but not only that,
if you only have this, you're still screwed. You also need psychology and you also need risk
management. You don't have these two you're fucked. And if you only have two of them,
you're still fucked. You need all three. And hopefully that's the message and what I can
teach you guys in today's video. So let's get on the charts.
Talk about some strategy. Then from there, we'll talk about psychology. Then from there,
we'll talk about some risk management plans. Okay. Let's get into it. Okay. So like I was
saying, what makes a profitable trader in the first place? We need strategy. We need psychology
and we need risk management. Now, if you are a beginner trader, first of all, I'm glad that
you're on this video, but another thing I want you to watch through this video. And then I'm
going to instruct you on a couple of things that I need you to do in order to fully understand and
fully develop strategy. Now I would love to get on here, break down every single
confluence that I know, break down every single combination of these confluences and how to
actually use it in a day trading strategy so that you guys can be successful within the markets.
I would love to do that. I really would. However, that would make this video literally five hours
long. And the best part about this, I already made that video for you guys. So if you guys want
to learn and fully understand my day trading strategy, like head to freaking toe, I was
but even better that way. Okay. Head to toe, fully understand my day trading strategy from
confluences to how we're supposed to put it together. And if you guys are brand new to
trading, go watch that five hour long video. It's going to tell you guys every single thing that you
need. Now, once you guys go and do that, now is where I'll be able to break down like the best
way to take trades using that strategy and using all of those confluences. So if you guys know me,
know how I trade,
confluences that I use, then awesome. We're going to break down a really awesome strategy
that is going to be super beneficial, not only for live accounts, but also for funded accounts. So
top to bottom. And also, if you guys aren't familiar with me or how I trade, just stay,
stay here. Okay. I'm going to break down a strategy and you're probably like, okay,
I already know all these confluences. I can go ahead and apply this today. So again, like I said,
profitable trader, we need three traits. Okay. Strategy. Number one, psychology. Number two,
risk management. Number three, the priority is,
okay. All three are top priority. We need to be good at all of them. Those are the three skills
that we need to max out. Okay. So first strategy, this is really how I'm going to be looking at the
markets when I'm going into it, especially with very low capital. Okay. We need to be
more risk off than risk on. And right now, damn near every single one of you guys is doing the
opposite. You guys are trying to be more risk on than risk off. So we only want to be taking high
quality trades. How are we going to be doing that? By looking at the high quality trades that we're
going to be able to do that by, I know this sounds corny and I know this sounds beginner and
everybody loves saying like, Oh, like, Oh, this is,
this is too beginner newsflash. The simpler you make it, the easier it's going to be for you to
become a profitable trader. I know I'm about to go on a mini rant here before we get into this,
but I think you guys need to understand this. A new mega highly advanced confluence isn't going
to turn you profitable. I really, I truly, truly get pissed the fuck off when traders,
especially traders that don't even make money. Like I hate when traders that don't even,
make money that can't even pass a freaking funded account that aren't trading with real
live funds. Go to me and say, TJR, what you teach is to beginner. I need something advanced,
bro. I literally make a shit ton of money trading the way that I do.
You don't need anything more advanced. Anything more advanced is going to confuse you
even fucking more. And you already suck at it. You suck at the beginner shit. And you're looking
for something more advanced. This is the biggest issue. They skip over the beginner shit because
they're like, oh, this isn't going to take me anywhere. I want to learn how to do a between
the legs 360 reverse layup, but they don't even know how to dribble the fucking ball yet. They
don't even know how to label simple ass confluences. They don't even know how to identify
draws on liquidity. And then they're talking about TJR is too basic and too beginner. I need
to learn power of three and I need to learn an SMT RSI fucking zone divergence. No, the fuck
you don't. You don't need to fucking know that.
You know why? Because I'm making way more than you are. And you're not even profitable.
Put the pieces together, Timmy. It's not me. It's you. Now that we've cleared that up,
it's very easy. You guys literally saw me pass a funded account in front of your fucking eyes
on my trade recaps. It was so fucking easy. This was the first funded account
that I've even attempted to do in years. And I passed it in literally,
a single fucking week. And you're telling me my concepts don't work. Oh my goodness.
You are so dumb. You are actually on the spectrum. Man, get a blood test. There's gotta be a
chromosome missing. Let's lock in. Step number one. Look at the high timeframe. Literally
break the shit down.
Trends.
Slash.
Order flow.
okay if we can see and identify what the high time frame trend or order flow is and if we can
follow that we will be able to take higher quality trades higher risk reward trades and
overall be more successful do i very frequently trade against the higher time frame trend and
higher time frame order flow yes why because i have capital to spare you guys do not don't try
and be tjr he has years of experience in the market compared to you we need to start basic
simple fundamental this is going to give you guys high quality trades okay number one we're only
looking for trades that are within the high time frame trend so perfect example of that what high
time frame trend are we in right now down notice every single move up besides this one within this
downtrend is super choppy it's
super choppy it's even
super choppy it's even
moving sideways or it's barely moving up so if you're trying to take longs within any of this
you're either getting chopped up losing the trade or having a very low risk to reward trade and not
hitting a high risk reward these are very small movements again besides this move up here the
only move up that probably would have given you a significant risk reward so we have one two three
four five six seven
eight nine ten eleven eleven shitty and dog shit and sideways consolidation retraces on the high
time frame and one of them was only worthy of a good high quality higher risk reward trade all in
all we should be avoiding that especially if we've limited capital number two this should be
obvious it's again tjr you're too simple well timmy you can't
stick to your trading plan and you're blaming me it's not me it's you
timmy listen to me brother shut the fuck up okay listen to me the reason why you're not passing
funded accounts isn't because you don't know the enigma it's because you can't stick to your
fucking plan and i know you're probably saying well make me a trading plan don't worry little boy i
will do that for you literally i'll give you this step by fucking step i wasn't even planning on
doing this but here we go tjr to the fucking rescue again he's got to do everything around
here because god damn it there's timmy's running all over the place and it's really been pissing me
off lately hence why i'm making these really high quality videos and actual a whole bunch of
education because god damn it i thought i fixed the day trading space i made it worse with the
retards that are running around we got to clean this shit up again
okay what's our day trading plan high time frame liquidity sweep followed by
low time frame break of structure or inverse for value gap again if you don't know these
confluences or what i'm talking about pause this video go watch that five hour long video
that i mentioned or watch my free course watch my boot camp i literally have a bajillion other
videos that are going over these confluences again this is assuming that you know these confluences
responding so you'll never get it because Carlos répondemus keeps saying this it's the same motu
motu they used to say i will let him flow right everyone i just last week gotê
沒 comp und why you that warrant should be in the you know deep in their dough
of COVID you should think of k Quadra you should think of chocolate over your
esc
II
time frame liquidity sweep followed by low time frame breaking structure oryou reverse for like that for about wow down syndrome okay I'll just PUT COFFLE INCE AND THEN IN PARENTES БАpopularOk PEREVALUE 지�s FOREVALUE GAAP EQ祕олì wishesFAVen forgivenessEQUALVALUEinden
in the équilibrium okay look at the high time frame trenditu..!f as第三 eqc
That's the fucking point.
You suck at trading right now.
So the, it's like, I'm like your basketball coach.
Your name is Timmy.
I want to shoot three.
Timmy, you're 0 for fucking 50 from three point line.
The only shots you can take are layups.
Cause those are the only ones that you're making right now.
I want to shoot a three pointer.
Hurry.
No, Timmy, you suck.
You can't even hoop against the 24 hour fitness people.
You are ass.
That is how you guys are in day trading right now.
Not to hurt your feelings.
It's about if I'm hurting your feelings, then I'm telling the truth.
If something hurts your feelings, typically it's because it's striking a little cord
because it's the truth.
Okay.
High time from liquidity, followed by low time frame breaker structure or inverse
fair value gap followed by low time frame confluence, fair value gap, order block,
breaker block, equilibrium.
In line with the high timeframe trend from their target high timeframe, liquidity and
fair value gaps.
This will limit the amount of trades that you can take, but maximum your win rate and
max out your risk reward.
However, keep in mind, if you don't know what any of this shit means, obviously you
are not going to be a billionaire on top of that, on top of that.
If you judge.
Learned about what these things are, don't come running back to the comment
section and be like, you took one trade to me, and that is going to lead me into
the next steps that we have to do before even risking any money in the market
before even we use that $1,000, because there's a lot of things that I want to
preface to you guys before we even turn this into psychology, you can do this
money motivation, billionaire.
Miami supercar.
Okay.
Before we even start talking about that, what we need to do first is just again, build the
fundamentals.
This is going to keep you safe once you have the fundamentals.
Okay.
So boom, this is the breakdown.
This is what we're trying to do now.
Following up on that.
What do we need to do before we even go into this?
Number one, be profitable on demo.
Okay.
There's going to be a brokerage.
Link.
In the, in the description for you guys to be able to practice with fake and paper money.
You're probably saying, well, I have $1,000 ready to go right now.
I'm ready to make a billion dollars.
That is why you keep fucking losing money, bro.
That's why you keep fucking losing money.
And that's why I'm literally losing sleep over you guys.
That's why you guys keep losing money because you guys haven't proven to yourself that you
are profitable on paper trading.
Paper trading is by far one of the most beneficial tools.
In day trading and it's free.
Okay.
The awesome thing about demo trading and paper trading is you guys can literally learn the skill
of trading without having to put a dollar into the market.
And then once you have the skill of trading, you can then put your hard-earned money into
the market and actually start risking.
So obviously that's what we're going to want to going to want to do.
We need to be unprofitable on demo.
First.
So again, a lot of you guys are probably going to ask.
Well, does that mean I have to win one trade and then I'm good to go?
No, because I can guarantee you Timmy.
He makes one three-pointer and he's going to think he's Stephen Curry.
No, that is not.
We're not letting it and letting him think that okay.
I want and I guess what every single one of you guys you guys are going to be like,
well, this is too long.
I want it now.
Well, guess what?
You don't get you don't get rich quick newsflash.
If you guys came out of my channel and you're like,
I want to grab this.
I want a Mansoury Rolls-Royce Cullinan.
Do you guys know how long it took me to get to that point?
Okay, I'm not saying it's impossible.
Matter of fact, it's possible and probably even more possible for every single
one of you guys because you guys have a good mentor in me.
But what I need you guys to understand it didn't happen overnight.
It didn't happen within my first year of profitability.
I went unprofitable for two fucking years.
I was broke.
I literally had to.
Turn my entire life around and start whooping my own ass to be able to get to where I'm
at and then from that point from like rock bottom for me.
It took me fuck bro.
It's been like five years since then six years.
So I don't want you guys being like when am I going to be TJR?
I don't want you guys to be thinking that I want you guys to be thinking.
Okay.
I know that this is going to take a long time, but if I can just focus on learning the skill
of day trading then it is going to bless me for the rest of my life infinitely.
This skill is infinitely scalable.
It is the most valuable skill in any online space because it is infinitely scalable and
the only thing that is holding you back is your capital and that's what this video is
about how you guys can leverage this skill and then from there leverage your capital.
So the first thing that I need you guys to do is be profitable on demo for three months.
I know you guys are probably saying holy shit.
That's such a long time.
Guess what?
Success takes a long time and I'm saying this now and I would like to make a prediction
that 5% of the people that are watching this video will not make it to this three-month
point of profitability and they will jump into trading on a live account and they will
jump into trading on a funded account and what is going to happen with those accounts.
They are going to lose their money and they are going to get super emotional and they
are going to get super upset and then they are going to quit day trading and that is
what makes 99% of day traders fail them wanting to get rich quick.
If you guys can see and understand that this skill can bless you for the rest of your life
and you guys can be in this for the long game not the short-term game.
I promise you I fucking promise you you guys will be able to be way more successful than
anybody else in this so be profitable on demo for three months.
That means three straight months of green PNL on paper trading on.
Demo trading.
I know that seems like a long time, but you just you got to trust me.
Okay, step number two, you have to be using proper risk management.
Okay, and I'm going to be going into how we can use proper Miss risk management not
only on a funded account but also on a live account.
Okay later in this video and so we'll get we'll get back to this and again, we need
to be doing this prior to actually risking our money on this where we can use this to
learn how in an attempt to be profitable on demo for three months straight.
But again, remember this just plugging this in isn't going to turn you profitable overnight.
There are thousands upon thousands of day trading strategy videos on YouTube.
And if it were as easy as seeing a YouTube video and a strategy from a YouTube video
copying it and then boom turning profitable right after you learn the strategy.
Every single person would be profitable, but we know that's not the case 99% of day
traders fail.
So we know it's not all just about copy and paste the strategy.
This is a strategy that works for me.
This is a strategy that I would like to say will work for you, but you have to understand
that not only will it take time for you to master the strategy.
It's not just some copy and paste thing.
You guys have to get market experience.
Okay, so be profitable on demo for three months.
You have to be using proper risk and you have to be disciplined.
Notice how the top how literally the three fundamentals are going back to the three
fucking skills that require you to be a profitable day trader number one strategy number two
risk management number three psychology number one profitable Confluence and strategy.
You have to use proper risk risk management.
You have to be disciplined psychology.
So I already gave you guys like a mini step-by-step on how you guys can practice.
This the skill of profitability practice the skill of strategy and Confluence is within
the market via this.
I want you guys to backtest like a motherfucker.
I want you guys to journal trades like a motherfucker.
You wonder how I got to where I'm at.
I always pull up this freaking notebook because bro, I like this is just fucking pages on
freaking pages of bro like pages on freaking pay.
I know you guys can't see.
It's a little bit of a flashbang but pages and on pages of trade of trade recaps bro of journaling
trades and this is back when I was unprofitable.
Okay, and I still I still do it today.
This shit never ends.
So if you guys want to be like the best if you guys want to be profitable you guys have to do what
profitable Traders do and profitable Traders journal.
Okay, number two.
How can we use proper risk management?
Let's break it down now.
This thing there's a couple things with risk management.
First of all, there's going to be two different strategies for risk management if you're on
funded or if you're on live.
Okay, so we need to understand that because funded we have to be way more risk adverse versus
when we're trading on a live account again, we have to be profitable first.
This is when we're starting to put money down and I'm going to break down once we go through
all of this.
I'm going to show you guys how you guys can leverage your money.
Advantage so that you guys are going to be able to capitalize on these step-by-steps that I'm
giving you guys to be able to turn profitable and to be able to actually succeed within the markets.
Okay, so not only am I giving you guys day trading strategy.
I'm giving you guys risk management strategy and then I'm going to give you guys tips on how to
practice discipline and how to practice psychology within the markets.
So risk management number one if you guys are on a funded account, I mean this is the problem a lot
of prop firms have different rules.
And different drawdown rules different profit targets.
So it's going to be varying from prop firm to prop firm.
But the biggest piece of advice that I can give to you guys on funded accounts is understand
the amount of trades you have are limited.
Okay, you have to understand that the amount of trades that you have are limited.
What do I mean by this on prop firms when let's say I buy.
A funded account and it's $100 without $100 and let's say it's a one-step prop firm account that
$100 essentially grants me anywhere from again.
It depends if you're doing it on a CFD prop firm a Forex prop firm or Futures proper, but we'll
give you guys a range.
Okay, that prop firm or that hundred dollars grants me the opportunity to leverage my money across
it's going to be anywhere from three to ten trades again.
I know that's kind of a wide range but understand that that that is the amount of trades that you are
limited to with that amount of capital that you're going into the market with.
So if you're limited to three to ten trades, you're ideally going to want to be not only managing
your risk but also only be taking high quality setups.
Now just because you are limited to three to ten trades on your funded account doesn't mean I want
you guys to be risking like way less so you guys can take more trades.
I'm just saying we have to take higher quality trades and that's what this is going to help us do.
So again, we have to be profitable before applying this and the biggest thing that I want you guys to
understand here.
This goes a bit into psychology, but it's just the fact that we are limited by the amount of trades
that we have and how can I explain?
This even deeper.
It's like you need to not think about the payout that you could potentially get from this prop firm.
You need to think about one step at a time.
So you need to be thinking when you're on the challenge portion of the prop firm.
You need to be thinking what trades are going to be high quality high risk reward and be worth a risk
because the amount of trades that we have are limited on the money.
That I have spent a lot of you guys throw money into funded accounts and don't even like process or
realize the money that you're losing or have spent.
Once you buy it, you need to think that each trade you are taking is essentially either money made
or money lost because again, let's say we spend a hundred dollars on a funded account and we are limited
to three trades each.
Trade lost is negative $33 for us.
And I know that may not seem like a lot to some of you guys and I know that may seem like a shit
tongue to other people.
But we need to understand that if we lose three trades, then we essentially lose $100.
Okay, and we can do the same again.
Let's say we have 10 trades that were limited to before that drawdown Target gets hit and boom.
We lose the account.
Then we have 10.
And every trade that we take we are essentially risking in real money $10 per trade.
So I'm talking about risk management of like real funds right now not funds within the trading account
not funds within the funded account.
And once you think about it like that and understand I am actually losing money with these FOMO trades
with these revenge trades.
Maybe it'll stop you guys from taking more trades in the future and hopefully it does.
Okay.
So that's the biggest thing within risk management is
we just have to take high quality trades
and understand that the amount of trades that we have to take are limited
and ideally that causes you guys to only take high quality trades only cause you guys to take trades
within the high time frame trend or within the high time frame order flow.
We don't want to be taking trades that are against our strategy that are last minute that are revenge trades.
Those are for another day.
Those four are a different time.
Those four are for when we are far better at trading and guess what when you're better at trading,
you're probably not going to be.
Taking those trades in the first place.
So we need to limit those now on a live account.
It's a little bit different.
We want to understand how to leverage the money in our account to the best of our ability.
Okay, and I know you're probably thinking well,
what does that even mean and there are going to be two things that I want you guys to know
and understand your win rate and your risk reward.
If you guys have
a high win rate and a low risk reward,
you guys are going to be slightly higher risk.
If you guys have a low win rate and a high risk reward,
you guys are going to be slightly lower risk.
That's all it is.
So how is this leveraging the money in our account?
We are leveraging our money in our account by understanding our own data again.
Why do we journal?
Our trades so that we can collect this data so that we can know how to risk money.
So again, we only have a thousand dollars to our name.
We prove to ourselves that we are profitable on demo.
We don't want to go the funded around because fuck that genuinely fuck that live accounts are just better.
And again, if you guys want to know brokerage brokerage,
I use there's a link in the description.
But anyways, if you guys have a high win rate and a low risk reward and again,
how do you guys find this out?
It's by journaling your trades.
Okay, and literally figuring out how many times do I win?
I win compared to how many times do I lose boom?
That's your win rate.
What's my average risk reward per trade boom?
We can understand that if we have a high risk win rate and a low risk reward,
then we can do slightly higher risk.
Why because we're winning more way more than we're losing and this is based off.
So we want slightly higher risk compared to 1% of our account per trade.
So if we have a $1,000 account, okay, let's say we have a 80% win rate.
That's really freaking good.
And a 1 to 1.5 risk reward ratio me personally,
I would probably be willing to risk like 2 to 3% per trade.
Why because I know that I have a higher win rate and a lower risk reward.
So when I win I want to be able to capitalize on that high win rate because my risk
reward doesn't compensate me enough to just be risking 1% per trade.
Now in the reverse situation with the low win rate and a high risk.
Reward we want to be a slightly lower risk.
Why so we can compensate and understand that.
Hey, I'm going to be losing more than I'm going to be winning.
But when I win I am going to hit big so we have to understand if we're only risking 1%
per trade and we have a low win rate and a high risk reward.
What happens if we lose like 20 trades in a row that's 20% of our account balance gone
and there are some people and there's some types of Traders again.
It just depends on the type of Trader you are and that's why we need to journal
but there are some types of Traders that do this that do this super low win rate
and super high risk reward when they win.
They win big they have like a 1 to 10 1 to 15 1 to 20 risk reward,
but they're losing way more trades and they're winning.
So again depending on the type of Trader that you are that is how you guys are going
to be evaluating your risk this also in this.
That's how you guys are going to leverage the money that's in your
live day trading account.
This also applies to funded accounts,
but to an extent I will say funded accounts are not super duper favorable
in either one of these directions.
It's actually like a mix of both that is favorable because funded accounts
or most of them if you lose like a whole bunch of times
and then you have one massive win that like instantly passes it for you.
They're not going to let you pass because they'll have like a consistency rule
or something.
And where like it says like hey,
you need to be winning more trades that you can't just like full port on one single
trade and you're like,
no, I didn't full port like that's just my strategy.
They don't care.
So boom low win rate and high risk reward and that's not going to cut it.
If we have a high win rate,
but a low risk reward the the issue that we have here is most most funded accounts.
They don't let you do too high of risk.
So let's say we put a slightly higher risk if we lose like whatever 3% on the day,
then boom on some prop firms.
That means we only have 1% of the account balance left until we blow the account.
So again,
that's why I'm more so in favor of a live account to be able to leverage this statistic
because at the end of the day,
this is how we're going to get the biggest and best returns out of our own personal trading.
Me personally,
I'm a high win rate and low risk to reward person.
So I have slightly higher risk and I'm on a live account.
When I did the funded account.
I honestly was thrown for a bit of a loop.
I had to do slightly less less risk than I usually do on a live account.
It still ended up working out because I'm goaded with the sauce.
Okay.
So now that we understand risk management and a day trading strategy last
but not least we need to understand psychology psychology.
The three biggest fears that a trader has when within the marketplace.
And there's just so much.
Talk about on psychology and I really just need to make a separate video on it,
but I'll try and do a small debrief of you guys,
especially because you guys are dealing with small amounts of money rule.
Number one or fear number one fear of being wrong fear of losing money and fear of missing out.
These three big fears are the biggest catalyst for Traders losing all of their money on their first account.
Now,
how can we overcome these fears?
How can we overcome the fear of being wrong?
What is that?
That's a confidence issue.
How do we solve our confidence issue by proving to ourselves that we are profitable for three months fucking straight Timmy really wants to shoot a three-pointer,
but he's never going to be confident in his three-point shot until he starts making some fucking shots.
You guys will never be confident in your trades unless you start winning some fucking trades.
So your fear of being wrong is always going to be there.
I always get people.
Asking questions.
Like I get anxious when I enter into a trade.
How do I fix this bitch more repetitions more work more practice more?
You need more volume like plain and simple.
You just need more reps.
How like how do you think people get big in the gym?
They don't go to the gym one day and lift one weight and call it a day.
They go every.
Fucking day and they do more every day.
You want to get good at trading and you don't want to be anxious or have a fear of being wrong and want to have the utmost confidence in yourself and in your own ability to trade.
You take more trades and you go until you're really fucking good at it again.
This is going to take a long time success and trading isn't just a fucking boom.
Watch one TJ our video and you're set for life.
No, I want to fully.
Remove that image and picture from your head.
But the image and picture that I do want to put in your head is five years from now.
You a profitable day trader who was able to change their life off of one or two of my videos or a whole bunch of my videos because you actually listen to what I said on how long the time frames going to be and you actually trusted in me because I went down that time frame and I know what you guys should be doing because I've done it before.
So how do you get rid of the fear of being wrong by winning?
More trades?
How do you win more trades by taking more trades?
How do you take more trades back?
Testing simple fear of losing money that shouldn't be an issue.
Why because we need to be on demo paper trading with no money being risked.
You should not have the fear of losing money.
These two go hand in hand.
You shouldn't have the fear of losing money because there's no money being at risk once you get into a funded account.
And a live account you still shouldn't have the fear of losing money.
Why because you shouldn't have the fear of being wrong because you prove to yourself that you should have the confidence to take those trades last but not least the fear of missing out the fear of missing out is the most bitch shit ever and all and I'll solve it with one single statement.
The market has been here for fucking years.
What makes you think that today's trade is going to be the last of its kind?
The market.
Is going to be here tomorrow.
The market is going to be here the next week.
The market is going to be here next month.
Stop trying to rush the process.
The trade that you missed today is going to be here tomorrow.
And if it's not there tomorrow, it's going to be there next week.
There is always opportunity within the financial markets and you stressing out about missing out on one single trade.
You are shooting yourself in the foot and you are going to end up taking more losses lose more money and fucking yourself in the butt.
Plain and simple.
This is it guys.
TJR is too simple simplicity is what works.
There's a lovely beautiful saying from I mean, literally literally everybody that's a master of their craft.
If you remove the bullshit and just do what you are supposed to do do what actually works then you will find more success than anybody else in your field.
I love using.
Using basketball analogies.
If you want to get better at basketball, do you do the utmost amount of research on what pair of basketball shoes you should buy?
Or do you go outside and play fucking basketball?
If you want to get better at basketball, you better go fucking play basketball.
You better not spend five hours researching new basketball shoes.
This is playing basketball.
This is day trading that bullshit new Confluence that you're trying to learn.
Learn online is slowing you the fuck down brother and you are shooting yourself in the foot and a lot of people never get past that.
They never open up their mind to okay.
I shouldn't be looking for a magic pill that I can swallow to be successful because there's not it doesn't exist.
The magic pill is the work that you're avoiding the success that you guys are seeking lies in the work that you guys are avoiding to do.
This is the work work to be profitable on.
Demo on for three months work to be able to use proper risk management work and challenge yourself to have the discipline to overcome these three fears and you can do all of that before risking money in the markets.
So now that we have the formula, let's let's go over how we can actually max out our value of our money.
We kind of already talked about it.
If you like just being completely honest.
If you have a thousand dollars and you guys follow.
This head to freaking toe and then go and put a thousand dollars into a live account that like that's it.
Okay, that's it funded account.
It's a little bit different, but it's not that different.
You're limited by the amount of trick or yeah, we'll literally break this down right now.
You're limited by the amount of trades that you have to take so you don't want to go all in on one funded account.
So let's say that you have a thousand dollars, right and there's a maxed out funded account for $1,000 or you understand like the way that I
trade I am pretty much limited to three or four trades and I don't like I don't like those odds against myself.
Not that I don't not that I'm doubting myself, but genuinely like I may lose for four trades in a row because of my win rate
or genuinely like I am just going to need more of a buffer more wiggle room.
So you need to play with your budget a bit.
Okay, you need to look at your win rate.
Look at your risk reward and genuinely think to yourself.
Okay, how many trades?
Will I need to take to be able to pass the funded account given the profit Target and given the drawdown rules?
Some of you guys are probably thinking.
Oh, it's just going to be one, you know, if you have a 10 trade limit and like the drawdown rule is 10% then by all means.
I think the majority of you guys should be able to pass that account with just like you only need one account.
But if the drawdown rule is a lot tighter, like if it's one of those futures accounts and you only have like 4%
drawdown or like 3% drawdown to deal with then that's when that's when shit gets a little bit different.
Okay, that's when you're probably going to need more wiggle room and you're probably going to want to get maybe two accounts
or maybe even three accounts.
Okay, so that you guys can give yourselves the opportunity not only to play with own your within your own win rate
and your within your own risk reward but so that you aren't limiting yourself to the amount of trades that you have to
take because if you just max it all out on one funded account, it's pretty much saying like yo, you just
put $1,000 on three whole trades like that's not worth it.
It's not I think about myself back when I was broke back when I was trying to learn how to do this.
I wouldn't have been able to take that risk while being mentally disciplined and while being like while being
emotionally sane.
Okay, so this is the top down.
This is the strategy for you guys.
I can promise you if you guys follow this and why can I promise you that?
Because I've been in your position before I've been in your position before and I fucking done it before.
I promise you guys if you guys can just follow this.
I know you're probably saying it's got to be more than that.
There's got to be it's not okay.
You need strategy.
You need risk management and you need psychology.
Now what I want you guys to understand is this is a long-term journey that you guys are going to be going down.
Especially if you guys are new to trading.
First of all, welcome to the day trading community.
I'm so glad that you chose me as your mentor.
But something that I will never lie to you as your mentor about is how difficult this journey is.
It is not the glitz the glam and the fashion the change the watch the car.
I know I show a lot of that in vlogs and stuff, but there's a reason why that typically doesn't get shown in these
educational videos.
And that's typically why I get so fucking real with you guys on these educational videos because you guys need to know
what trading is about.
I've been able to build my life off of trading and crypto and all of the like.
Just literally whole bunch of work.
Okay, and I can tell you one thing work for a short amount of time never amounts to anything but work over a long
period of time with a whole bunch of consistency with a whole bunch of discipline leads to enormous amounts of
success and the biggest issue that day traders have is they see this false reality of trading and you know,
it's part of the problem because these myself included like.
We get massively successful and we obviously are going to enjoy the fruits of our labor.
But what you guys didn't see was the grind what you guys didn't see was I was in your position before I was broke and I wish
that I was able to show that I wish that I could just go back in time and start my social social media back from when I
was broke all the way up until now.
Like I wish I had all that whole dirt journey documented.
So you guys could see this and understand that it's going to take so much longer than you guys think but it is
possible and that's what I need you guys to get through your head.
It is possible and on top of that with the right mentor.
It's possible like my biggest issue was I was going from mentor to mentor.
I was jumping from Confluence to Confluence from strategy to strategy.
Oh this person's teaching this this person's teaching that I didn't know what the fuck to do.
Okay, and that that's my goal with this channel.
That's my goal.
That was my goal from with social media from the freaking jump was to get on here and teach people how to day trade correctly.
How?
Somebody in my old broke self's position could be able to succeed and that's that's really what I want to do with you guys.
Okay, and if I'm just being like completely honest this one YouTube video isn't going to be able to just like completely change your whole day trading career.
But what I can do for you is if you guys could just like put some trust in me as a mentor and as a coach.
I believe that if you guys are able to come to me with personal questions with a whole bunch of other people who are profitable day traders that you guys can ask questions literally on a daily basis with like freaking discord chats.
Okay and say look I'm on my funded account right now and I made this mistake.
I'm down this much risk and there is myself in there a whole bunch of other coaches that are there that are willing and like literally trying to help you guys.
Excel and get to that level because we know exactly what it's like to be in that position.
That's what's going to take you guys to the next level.
And that's what I want to give you guys.
So again, this YouTube video is a great.
Is it a whole bunch of information?
Yes, but is it just a generalized overview of what I'm like of just what I'm assuming about all of you guys as unprofitable traders?
Unfortunately, yes, because I'm unable to answer every single one of your guys's personal questions, but I am able to do it.
But I am able to do it.
I am able to do that within my coaching and within my mentorship.
So if you guys want to be able to actually get like full full-on overview of strategy like literally top-to-bottom strategy top-to-bottom psychology
top-to-bottom risk management like this video would literally have to be bro fucking like 30 hours for me to cover everything for you guys to be able to understand everything.
Understand everything.
That day trading in capsules and then on top of that not only do I give you that like for you guys to digest and learn from but you guys get access to me and three other coaches that are profitable and we're just in your guys's position and are passing funded accounts on a daily basis are getting payouts from funded accounts on a daily basis.
So not only do I know the exact position that you're in but they know the exact position that you're into and that's like the biggest piece that I wish I had as an unprofitable student.
Student.
As an unprofitable Trader was like I had these very personalized questions where I'm like well man within my strategy when this happens and then this happens and then I take this trade like I'm losing or something happens or it's just like okay.
Well my win rates this my wrist rewards this and I can't figure out this those questions can't be answered by YouTube videos.
The only people that can answer those questions are profitable Traders and that's what I want to give to you guys.
So if you guys want to become my students.
And if you guys want to have access to me as a coach if you guys want to have access to a whole bunch of other profitable Traders that where we not only give you guys like literally top to bottom education from psychology strategy risk management to also getting literally daily freaking calls where you guys can ask us every single one of you make you make mistake mistake mistake mistake on Monday you get into the call you can ask all those questions questions resolve.
Boom.
All of those lessons learned on to the next like do you understand how much of a speed run that is like it's actually so freaking overpowered and it's I am truly super proud of what I have created within my own coaching.
And that's why I want to offer it to you guys because I know that these YouTube videos they are a help but they aren't like I can only get you so far and I try my best with the YouTube videos, but when you guys are able to actually ask me specific personal questions.
It's like this is a real mistake that you are having that.
I'm.
Saying boom.
This is how you solve it and then you get it out of the way and there's only so many of those mistakes that you need to get over until you turn profitable.
So again, that's what I want to offer to you guys.
It's on an application basis because we can't just take any and everybody.
Okay, there's going to be a link in the description.
If you guys want to apply by all means be my guest.
If not, if these YouTube videos are super helpful for you guys fucking awesome, don't don't sign up to my coaching if I and I know there's a whole bunch of people that.
That I've turned profitable just from my YouTube videos and it's like boom you use me as a tool.
That's what I'm here to be a tool for you guys use me touch me.
I'm kidding but use me for what I am.
Okay, like literally abuse me abuse my YouTube videos go over them over and over and over again.
If you guys want direct coaching from me use me as a tool to get to your goal.
You need to see the long-term vision and understand.
What is it going to take to get to your long-term goal?
And I can help you guys get there whether it's from YouTube videos, whether it's from YouTube videos combined with coaching, whatever it may be.
I'm here to help you guys.
So as always I appreciate you guys.
Hopefully this is getting you guys one step closer to your goal.
Hopefully this covered a whole lot of mistakes or lessons or things that you guys just didn't even know about day trading in the first place again.
If you guys want to be one of my students, there's going to be a link in the description as always.
I love and appreciate you guys.
Peace the fuck out.


==============================
VIDEO 006 — Easiest_Way_To_Start_Day_Trading_From_Scratch_Exactly_What_I_Did-[2zmmjQovPdg]
==============================

trying to start day trading can be super overwhelming and with so many different
tips and strategies it's hard to even know where you guys should start so today i'm going to be
breaking down the easiest way for you guys to start day trading even if you guys are a absolute
beginner and this is the same approach that took me from struggling and unprofitable to where i
am today consistently making over six figures a month from trading so let's dive right in
so first and foremost what even is trading what is day trading so again this is something that
i'm going to break it down similar to how your high school economics teacher would break this
down to you back in the olden days it was a lot more i guess feasible or physical for you guys
to be able to understand how trading works now because it's the digitalized era it's a little
bit more difficult for you guys to understand it so i'm going to take us back into the olden days
of how they did trading and how they did stock trading and investing to give you guys a better
understanding of this so let's take this back to the olden days when computers and phones were not
super
readily available or had nearly as much capability as they do now when i wanted to go buy one share
of a stock i would have to call up a brokerage or a person that's connected to a brokerage and say
hey i want to buy one share of apple stock let's say apple didn't exist back then but sure let's
just say hey i want to buy one share of apple stock they say okay this is the price of it right
now i can get you the paperwork in a week okay and then boom they get the paperwork of your one
share of apple stock and then they mail it to you and then you have the paperwork and you're like
hey i own a share of apple awesome and then if you ever wanted to see what the price point is at
you would again still have to go call up the brokerage and say hey i'm looking to sell this
share of apple stock what's priced at right now and the brokerage is pretty much doing everything
for you they are pretty much the middleman between you and the company that you are investing
in and it's the same exact thing as it is today with this online internet money situation that's
with online brokerages but it's just a little bit quicker and a lot smoother where instead of
making a phone call and then receiving a piece of paper and then making another phone call
we have charts that can tell us the exact price movement at any point in time throughout every
single day within every single second within every single minute of every single day that
is happening in real time so we have digitalized this and pretty much the overall goal is to again
buy one share or one contract of let's say apple for example and sell it for more
okay so again you guys very commonly hear buy low and sell high sounds easy but it's a lot more
difficult than how it sounds obviously you're going to want to buy low and sell high for a
profit but you can also end up taking losses by buying high and selling low which believe it or
not a decent amount of people end up doing that so we want to stay away from that and
this video i'm going to help guide you guys to be able to set yourselves up so you guys don't fall
into that trap of buying high and selling low at least two consistently to the point where you are
losing money in trading rather than making money okay now to break this down even more so what
are we doing within trading this is the way that i like to explain trading a lot of people they
get into trading and i'm sure you guys are watching this video right now and you guys
are like yeah i can't wait to get into day trading how can i do it and you guys get in
and you're like what's trading all about making money and that's where you guys go
wrong that is the first and biggest mistake that every single beginner person that's learning
getting into trading that's always their first mistake they see people like me you know whatever
i got a chain i got a nice house i got some nice cars got some cool watches and they're like hey
this guy's making a ton of money i want to make a ton of money so i'm going to do what
he does and what he does is make a ton of money no you got it twisted we need to
understand the root of what trading is what is trading as a profession because realistically
all professions it is doing an act doing a service doing work to then generate a outcome
and then the awesome side effect for ideally most jobs is money involved right so let's think about
specifically what are we doing as traders to help us get that awesome side effect of money we are
accurately predicting where price wants to go with a high probability so that sounds a little bit more
obvious but what we're doing is we're making money that's what trading is all about and
realistically if you guys want to get into trading you guys do have to be a little bit more nerdy and
you guys do have to get a little bit more focused and disciplined and consistent in order to truly
make money from trading this is not for the weak-minded people and this is also not for lazy
people i know a lot of people come into these videos because they've seen a video of me driving
a three and a half million dollar car and they're like i want to be just like this guy because he's
making a whole bunch of money and i want to make a whole bunch of money and i want to make a whole
bunch of money too but they aren't willing to put in the work that is required to be able to get
there and again i'm going to lay out a path for you guys to be able to get there but i need you guys
to understand that first before we move forward so what is trading about not making money it's
about predicting where they the stock or index or commodity or currency pairs price wants to go
with a high probability keep this in mind we are trading purely off of probability
there are days that we lose and there are days that we win
our goal is to have a high probability of winning on a daily basis okay so somebody like me who makes
money from trading i have a high probability of winning somebody who is brand new to trading and
they suck at it they have a low probability of trading okay of being able to predict where price
wants to go so what is our goal with trading how does this profession work we have a high
probability of predicting where price wants to go on a daily basis simple as that we are looking to
buy low and then we're going to have a high probability of winning and then we're going to have
a high probability of winning and sell high with a high probability every single day we are also
looking for this is a different concept which is called shorting the market because again this is
different than investing than what your grandparents and your parents and all these old
people tell you to do invest your money buy dollar cost average keep buying up all these
assets right yes that's a great strategy when it comes to investing however when it comes to
trading there are daily fluctuations and there are daily movements where we are probably not going to
but many very often the mushrooms are willing to be driven out of the market market and
they are the forces of Alice which completely ruin our brand and then that's why we make
me beautiful we would all be billionaires but that's not the case right price sometimes
has down days okay sometimes stocks they go down in price so in order to be able to capitalize on
these opportunities to be able to still predict where price wants to go there are short positions
which is essentially betting that the stock price the index price the commodity price
or the currency pair that you guys are trading is going to go down in value. So you're probably
saying, well, how do I make money if it goes down? Well, it's quite literally the inverse of buying
low and then selling high. You are placing a short position. So you are essentially selling,
okay? You guys are selling at a higher price and then buying back the contract at a lower price
for a profit, okay? And back in the day, you couldn't necessarily do this, okay? But now with
brokerages, we are able to do this and they are essentially being the middleman for these
transactions. So we can say, hey, look, I want to sell this contract of Apple price or this,
whatever, this one stock or this one share of Apple today, because I think that price is going
to go down over the next one or two hours, okay? So we short.
Right there. And then let's say price does go down over the next one to two hours. We buy back
that position for a profit because when we shorted it initially, we were shorting at a higher price
and then we buy it back at a lower price, giving us the difference of that equation, which is
profit. Awesome side effect of trading by predicting where price wants to go with high
probability, money. Awesome. Cool. So now just like the majority of you guys, I'm sure that
this is going to seem like a super daunting, but it's going to seem like a super daunting
and super difficult skill set to be able to achieve, which it is. But as you guys slowly
start to progress, you guys are going to just like fundamentally and subconsciously gain and just
store all of this information as time goes on, where it's going to get to the point where you
guys don't even think about it. I'll be like, hey, you guys should go long after a sweep of
liquidity, break of structure, fair value gap getting filled, and then enter off of an inverse
fair value gap on the one minute timeframe. That sounds like a foreign language to you guys right
now, but to me, it's second nature.
I'm not even reading it like the fucking Rosetta Stone or I'm literally bilingual in English and
also trading. Okay. So this little guy right here, he had no fucking clue what he was getting into
when it came to trading. And I'm sure just like you guys, you guys have been watching hours of
these videos or trying to understand how it goes, or maybe this is your first video getting you guys
into trading. Do not get discouraged because just like you guys, I started out with literally no
knowledge. Okay. And there's a meme that I like to bring up all the time. It's where like this
dude in a suit comes in and he's like, I'm going to trade. I'm going to trade. I'm going to trade. I'm
going to trade. And there's this guy playing the piano and the dude that's standing watching the
dude playing the piano. He's saying, you should stop doing that because you suck. And the dude on
the piano says, well, if I stop, then I won't get good. And it's the same exact thing with trading
where if you guys want to, or if you guys give up, then you guys won't get any better, obviously.
Or if you guys stop, you guys won't get any better. And on top of that, if you guys don't
start, if you guys don't take action, and if you guys don't actually make an attempt, then you
won't get any better.
And we need to keep that in our heads when we are getting into this super daunting, super
high skill level or super high tiered skill that is day trading that a lot of people really
wish to attain, but not many people can attain it. So again, like I was saying earlier on,
you guys need to have discipline and you guys need to have consistency in order to make this
work. On top of that, I lost a shit ton of money when getting into trading because I didn't
understand basic fundamentals. And I got roped into a whole bunch of these other things that
I'm going to explain later in this video that hopefully I can tell you guys about. So you
guys can avoid losing all the money that I lost when I was first getting into trading. And on top
of that, what even brought me into trading in the first place? It was the same exact thing that
brought you guys to this video. I was seeing a whole bunch of people who were making a shit ton
of money. And I was like, Hey, I want to make money. And at the time it was like at a pivotal
point in my life where it was like, Hey, it's time to start applying to colleges. Hey, what do you
want to do in college? I don't freaking know. I just know I want to make a bunch of money. I also
don't want to work a job where a boss has bossed me around. And I also don't want to work a nine
to five. And I was having these thoughts at a very young age, which again, kind of signaled to me
that, Hey, I knew that I was going to be an entrepreneur. At least at that point in time,
I didn't realize that that was going to lead me to be in the position that I am today. But I had
those thoughts. And I'm sure a lot of you guys are having those thoughts right now, whether you
guys are in high school or in college or past college to the point where you guys are like,
Hey, I hate this job that I'm in, or I don't fucking know what I want to do with my life.
And I think trading is interesting. I want to be my own boss and I want financial freedom.
And that was the exact same position.
I was in, I didn't necessarily know what I wanted to do with my life. And I just knew that I wanted
to make money on my own and be able to live a financially free life. And that is what wrote
me into trading because initially before that, I was like, I don't know what I'm going to do with
my future. And that is what brought me into trading. And then after that, I got super,
super enticed and fell in love with being able to predict price action with a high probability
on a daily basis. I treated it like a game and it turned my life completely around and been able to
make me financially.
Free and become the man that I always wanted to become at that point in time in my life. And my
goal with this video is to help you guys do the same. So now let's get into the actual tools and
things that are going to benefit you guys. When it comes to starting out in trading, this is going
to be your biggest and most beneficial tool, which is going to be the charts themselves.
So this is a website called trading view. You guys can sign up for absolutely free and be able
to look at all of these different stock prices right now. I'm on the NASDAQ.
We can look at the S and P 500 prices. Okay. Let me remove my drawing. So it's a little bit less
daunting, but trading view.com, write it down. You guys can sign up for absolutely 100% free.
This is where you guys are going to be able to see what certain things are going to be worth
and where you guys are going to start developing the skillset of strategy and understanding where
price is going to go. I know that when you guys look at this chart, you're like, holy shit,
what the fuck is going on? This is super, super scary. Yes,
I understand that. But the first thing that we need to do is at least even make an attempt to be
able to get on here and then get comfortable with seeing these things. Okay. Because again,
when it comes to a high level skillset, such as this, obviously this is going to be super
daunting at first, but now I'm at the point where hopefully you guys will be able to get there,
get to the same point as me, where I look at this chart and I'm no longer scared of it.
Instead, I'm using it as a tool and using it to my advantage to be able to predict where
price wants to go. I'm able to look at the several different timeframes that are on here
right now. We're on the four hour timeframe. Each candlestick represents four hours worth of time
and four hours worth of price action, meaning that within these four hours, so from 6am this
morning, all the way till 10am price ended up going down around 0.81%. Again, I know this seems
a little bit scary for you guys, but the very first thing that you guys are going to want to do
is to be able to get on trading view. And that's,
that's the only tool that I want you guys to get on here at first to start playing around with and
start looking at, again, we can look at all these different charts. We have the Bitcoin chart right
now, Bitcoin. We can look at the price on the right hand side. Okay. We can change the timeframe
that we're looking at. So if we click this M button, we're looking at now, Hey, this is what
a month's worth of price action is looking like, or what a month's worth of price movement is
looking like on the higher timeframes. If we're looking at the grander scheme of
things, we can see, Hey man, over the course of a long period of time, Bitcoin has consistently
gone up. Being able to understand these tools is super beneficial or specifically trading view in
the charts itself is going to be very beneficial for your guys' trading journey. So I highly
recommend you guys go sign up for an account on trading view. Like I said, it's completely free.
You guys can go on there and you guys can start at least just looking at these different charts
and getting comfortable cycling through some of these timeframes. Okay. I'm not necessarily
going to tell you guys exactly how to break down every single thing and how you guys can make a
shit ton of money off of this right now, because you guys are in the super early phases of just
understanding trading. So just for now, I want you guys to get comfortable with our biggest and
best tool when it comes to being able to predict price, because this is how we're able to actually
see the prices on a daily basis. Within every second of the day, we can see that these prices
are consistently moving. If we go down to these lower, lower timeframes, we can see that, Hey,
one of these little candlesticks on the chart is representing one minutes, one minute worth of
price movement within each second. So we can see boom, Bitcoin's price just went down a little bit.
It just went from around $109,268 down to $109,202. How can we capitalize on a position
like that? Maybe by going short. Okay. It obviously is going to take a lot more than that.
And a lot more understanding than just saying,
we're just going to press short, like I talked to you guys about earlier in this video,
but getting comfortable with seeing these things is going to be super beneficial.
And just again, getting, getting into it and getting used to using these tools, go ahead,
click around on some of these buttons. Again, I don't want to go fully in depth on all of these
things just yet, but getting comfortable, seeing these candlesticks printing, cycling through the
timeframes, and at least getting on the charts is your first step to being able to start slowly,
this big skill of trading. Now, the next thing I want to talk to you guys about when it comes to
understanding the skill of day trading is some of these mistakes that I fell into when I was early
in trying to understand trading. And hopefully this is going to save you guys years, if not
months of time in going and turning from an unprofitable trader into a profitable trader.
That's able to predict where price action wants to go the high probability on a daily basis. First
and foremost is there's a lot of miss and bad information out there on the internet. And I know
it's difficult right now in these early phases to be able to siphon through a lot of the crazy and
elaborate information that's out here on all of these different side hustles. But the goal is for
you guys to find somebody that is on the internet, showing you guys a bunch of proof of them
actually making money in trading, and then trusting those people and learning from these
people who are actually showing you guys full-fledged proof of them being profitable.
So for example, I mean, obviously I'm going to reference myself, but you guys can look at my
PNL. I'm posting my PNL on the day. I'm posting my PNL for that week. I'm posting my PNL for the
month. And I'm showing you guys full transparency of whether I won, whether I lost, if I didn't
trade for that day. And then on top of that, I'm pressing record every single market open
on these trade recaps that you guys might see through my YouTube channel. And you guys will
see me actually walking through in depth of why I'm taking the trades that I'm doing.
And then also telling you guys exactly when I enter and exactly when I exit. Okay. And this is
the transparency that you guys need to find from somebody that is willing to teach you guys the
skill of trading or else, you know, if they're not showing you guys daily, weekly, monthly PNLs,
while also showing the trades, the exact trades that they're taking, I hate to break it to you,
bro. You guys should probably try and learn from somebody else. So by all means, I'm not telling
you guys specifically that you guys can only learn from me, but I'm saying you guys should
find somebody with the level of proof and level of expertise that I give. And I show within my
YouTube channel to be able to vet out some of these people. Okay. Because again,
online money space that we're in now, especially within trading, there's a lot of deceit and a lot
of lies that goes on. So again, find somebody that shows a shit ton of proof of their product
and of what they do on a daily basis. So you guys can learn from the right people.
The second thing is understanding your emotions when it comes to trading. Okay. Like I said,
a lot of you guys are getting into trading, not necessarily to be able to understand where price
wants to go with high probability on a daily basis. You guys are like, I just want to make
a shit ton of money problem with that headspace of, I just want to make a shit ton of money
money when I'm trading with the wrong idea. Okay. Because if you're thinking, I just want to make
a shit ton of money every single day, that's a relatively good headspace to be in. But we need
to change our goal. There instead of just saying I want to make a shit ton of money because we as
humans naturally have a very strong emotional connection to money. And as you guys will
eventually know, when you guys are getting into trading, we need to fully remove our emotions
from trading. Because if we get greedy in trading, we are going to be taking trades that we shouldn't be.
much money and then what happens if we lose that trade we're losing money that we weren't willing
to risk in the first place we sometimes can get fearful we can sometimes lack confidence we can
sometimes be a little bit over confident so instead of prioritizing our emotions and acting
emotionally we need to be data driven okay when we get into the markets and again as you guys go
through this day trading journey of you guys learning how to trade you guys are going to learn
these super valuable skill sets of prioritizing your psychology and prioritizing the data that
is put in front of you such as the charts like actually reading the charts instead of just saying
oh my goodness price is going up so fast right now i'm just going to press buy and trust me i've
been in that situation before the second that you press buy the chart's going to go down and you're
going to lose money so don't fall into that trap i know it's difficult for you guys to do it
right now but again keep it in the back of your mind where you guys can constantly be thinking
am i making
a decision based off my emotions and based off how i'm feeling or am i making a decision based
off the data that's presented to me okay and then lastly something that's going to help you guys
again speed run two profitabilities by setting yourselves goals you guys have to aim towards
something and you guys again can't really shoot at anything you guys can't shoot at something
without a target okay so for me this is actually my old journal when i first started getting into
trading and i would write down like pretty much everything okay i'll write down you guys see this
down my trading plan again like i went in crazy depth okay i have another thing right here that
says trading plan my goals all of these things are super beneficial and then i would write down and
journal like boom first week of august okay i'm writing down all of these things what price was
doing and i was also writing down my goals and aspirations on this to be able to progress me
to where i wanted to go because again if you guys don't set goals then how are you even supposed to
know what steps you're going to take in order to get to where you want to go okay so we all
have this overall super vague goal of i want to turn profitable i want to make a whole bunch of
money trading okay that's awesome but what is a subset of goals that we can set that can help
us make daily decisions or take daily action to get closer to that overarching massive goal of i
want to turn profitable and i want to make money trading okay so that's going to be stick to the
strategy that we know and understand follow a risk management plan don't let emotions get the
bad habits that we have even as just humans like i'm sure a lot of you guys probably have a lot of
bad habits and the second that i said that i'm sure you guys thought of a couple bad habits that you
guys have whatever those habits are that you just thought of you guys immediately need to kick them
because in order for us to be successful and disciplined within trading we also need to be
successful and disciplined within our own lives because what makes you think that you're going
to be able to be disciplined in one facet of your life if you're not disciplined in the rest of it
it's just not possible so we need to again set these goals to one excel us as humans but
also as traders now let's get into how i actually became profitable so first and foremost you
yeah like i know it sounds stupid but you guys have to lock in okay i realized that i wasn't
where i wanted to be in life so i had to make a big personal decision that hey i'm going to have
to give up all of these bad habits that are causing me temporary joy and temporary rewards
that usually last only like an hour or two hours or daily little things that are causing me to not
get to where i want to go and i need to start prioritizing goals that i'm going to be able to
achieve and prioritizing actions that maybe they're difficult to do today and tomorrow and
every single day consistently but those goals and those things that i'm doing consistently on
a daily basis are going to help me get to my final and end goal and that's what you guys
need to start doing is realizing that hey if you guys truly do want to make money with trading and
you guys want to lock in and actually make this big decision and make this dedication to your life
to be able to do this for like a full-time job you have to treat it like a full-time
job it's not just some side thing that you guys are going to learn on the side and spend
30 minutes or an hour each day learning no it's going to take a lot more than that because again
if a regular person who has bad habits and who is living super comfortably and who's undisciplined
was able to learn how to day trade then every single person would be rich but that's not the
case on top of that what did i have to do i had to change the mindset that i was in so i had to
start thinking with a different mindset and a different point of view of my life instead
of thinking how can i make a bunch of money
today i had to start thinking years in advance i had to start thinking what can i do today that
is going to set me up for a better life five years from now because if we think of our massive
timeline of life no matter where you guys are are right now whether you guys are in high school
whether you guys are in college whether you guys are out of college you guys are still in these
early phases of life where if you guys are able to develop this skill of trading it can drastically
affect and change what your life trajectory is going to look like in the future whereas if you
keep living the same exact life that you guys are right now nothing is going to change a quote that
i love it sounds stupid but it's real nothing changes if nothing changes so right now if you
guys are like yes i want to learn how to day trade but then you don't change anything within
your life or change anything within your head space of how you're thinking about doing things
or how you're going to start taking action being disciplined being consistent then nothing's going
to change if you guys like what makes you think that you guys are going to become successful
in a skill set that is very difficult to attain by being
just a normal human by being average we didn't we aren't trying to be average we're trying to be
way above average and we're trying to live a life that 99 of people aren't able to get so in turn
what do we have to do we have to do what 99 of people aren't willing to do okay and that's the
headspace that you guys have to get in and that's the headspace that i had to put myself in again
when i was writing down these notes like these are affirmations that i would read to myself every
day that were not true at the time but now i've fully surpassed these things and i'm literally
getting goosebumps thinking about it every day i'm literally getting goosebumps thinking about
it every time i read these things it's like just so crazy how far i've come in my life but
i will make 10 000 a month i am successful i will follow my trading plan i will follow my schedule
i will log my trades i will invest money into crypto that's that one was crazy that one helped
change my life forever um i am successful in the markets i make money in the markets i am not greedy
i'm unbiased i'm confident in my markups and my layouts my mindset is always leveling up life goals
make $1 million in a year. Some months I'm making a million dollars now. And at the time when I was
writing these, I was like, bro, I would be fucking lucky. I would be the luckiest person in the world
to be able to make a million dollars in a year. Here I am doing those numbers in a month. I will
be financially free. I will own a Lamborghini. I never ended up owning a Lamborghini, but hey,
at least it's the thought that counts. I own a Koenigsegg now, which is three and a half million
dollars instead. I will be mentally and physically healthy. I will travel frequently. I will enjoy my
life because that is what we are here to do. I will continue to level up my mindset. These are
things that I was writing when I was at the lowest point in my life. I was not making any money. I was
depressed. I didn't necessarily have any friends to talk to. I did not have a good relationship with
my parents at this point in time. And the only person that I had was myself. And I'm sure a lot
of you guys are in that position right now. Trading not only helped change my life, but it
changed my life financially, but helped change my life mentally. And it all started with believing
what was possible before I could even taste what it was like. I was writing these goals down just
off of like hopes and fucking dreams, bro. And now rereading these, it's just so crazy how I was
able to manifest the life that I'm living by just working every single fucking day towards this
goal that I had or towards all these goals that I had. And it was just a relentless, consistent
fucking grind that was very difficult. But now just a couple of years later, I'm able to look
back and I'm able to read these things. And I'm like, holy shit, I did it. And I know that every
single one of you guys has this potential in you. I'm a regular ass person, bro. Like there's
nothing that I've done in my life that you guys can't do. Like I really am no different than any
of you guys.
Like I truly am just a normal fucking human being. And all it takes is for you to see the potential
in yourself. All it takes is you guys just believing that you guys can do it. And then
just putting your head down and saying, shut the fuck up to every single person that's saying that
you can't do it and saying, shut the fuck up to the voices in your head. Because guess what? You're
already in a shitty position anyways. So me personally, I would rather work my ass off to
be able to get out of that shitty position. In worst case, I stay in that same exact position
that I'm in, but at least I fucking tried.
And I'm telling you guys right now, without a doubt in my fucking mind, that if you guys put in
the work required, and if you guys put your head down and say, shut the fuck up to every single
person that is getting on you or making fun of you for fucking trying, that you guys will be able
to make it. That's all that it takes in order to be successful. It's just consistent hard work with
discipline. And that's really what's going to separate you from everybody else. The majority
of people are lazy. They're complacent. They don't want to do anything with their lives. And me,
when I was trying to learn how to trade,
I was not satisfied with the life that I was living. And I wanted more for myself. You guys
are watching this video because you guys want more for yourselves. You guys want to change your
lives. You guys wouldn't be watching this video if that wasn't the case. And that tells me that
you guys see potential in yourself to be living a better life than you guys have right now. And
that is what's going to be your driver of success and never lose sight of that.
Now, I know I just went on a really long ass rant, but all of that is super true. Now,
getting back more so into the trading side of things is a strategy. So I'm sure,
a lot of you guys are going to stumble across a whole bunch of these different strategy videos.
This five minute strategy is going to give you an 80% win rate and make you $5,000 every single
day consistently. Okay. That's some bullshit. If you guys ever see that online, literally like
just block them. And something that I fell into, it's a trap that you guys always see on social
media is this new strategy. This is what you guys are missing. That's going to turn you successful
in trading. This one confluence is going to help you be able to do. No, it's not. What is going to
help you guys turn profitable in trading?
Finding a mentor that again, shows as much proof as possible to be able to show you guys that,
Hey, they are actually making money doing this. On top of that, finding a strategy that not only
makes sense to you, but is used by somebody that is successful in the markets using that strategy
and sticking to it. Okay. The amount of months, if not like a full year that was wasted from me,
because I was jumping from strategy to strategy to strategy, because a new YouTube video would
come up on my recommended feed was just ridiculous, bro.
I spent months, if not a full year, because I was like, Hey, this strategy video that I saw online is
going to turn me profitable. And then I took one trade using that strategy and then I lost it. And I
was like, this guy's a fucking liar. I'm going to the next one. And it's like, no, if LeBron James
teaches you how to shoot a basketball and you take your first shot and you miss is LeBron James a
liar, or are you just not good enough at shooting a basketball yet? It's the second one. So again, we
need to understand that developing these skill sets is going to take some time.
Okay. And strategy is one of the biggest skill sets. And that's where we're going to be applying
these skills on the charts, understanding where and how price is going to move. Okay. And just
find one that makes sense to you. That makes sense to why price is moving the way that it does.
And then awesome. Whether it's my strategy, whether it's somebody else on the internet
strategy, I don't care. Find one and stick to it and then learn it and develop into a high skilled
trader using just that strategy. Trust me, there's no other YouTube video strategy that's going to
do whatever, some better returns than a different strategy. Okay. There's so many, and it's actually
ridiculous how many online internet gurus that get onto whatever YouTube video and they're like,
this person's a liar. This strategy doesn't work. Okay. I have so many rich trader friends that
aren't even online and they trade in ways that are way different than me. Realistically, every
single trader trades differently. Okay. That's just, that's just the reality of it. There's not
one strategy that fits all. And there's not one strategy that works.
There's not one strategy that doesn't. Okay. You just need to find a strategy that makes sense to
you on why price is moving and then practice it and practice it on the charts, like relentlessly
with discipline and with consistency. Okay. And that leads into risk management, which is
another portion of this. So, so far we've covered two of the three tiers of trading. Okay. And
you're probably saying, okay, what are the three tiers of trading? The three tiers of trading are
the three fundamental skills that are going to turn you guys profitable.
Understanding a strategy, understanding your emotions. So psychology, and then risk management,
risk management and psychology kind of go hand in hand because risk management is actually pretty
easy. It's just deciding, Hey, how much money do I want to risk on a daily basis? Boom, pretty
freaking simple, right? The hard part is sticking to that. And by overcoming those emotional
challenges that you guys face when it comes to risking those amounts of money. So, like I said,
at the beginning of this video, all of you guys are getting into trading because rah, rah, rah,
we want to make as much money as possible right the fuck now today.
You know, you're getting all pumped up. Risk management says, hold your fucking horses. You are
actually going to risk way less and you're going to make way less, but it's going to be sustainable.
And I know that's probably not what you want. You want to hear you guys want to win the fucking
lottery and go buy a Koenigsegg. It's not going to happen today. Okay. And it's not going to
happen within your first year or your second year. Okay. Maybe your third year, if you guys go
fucking crazy, but realistically you guys have to understand the long timeline of these things.
So within risk management, it's really simple. We don't trade with our
emotions. Again, that's when we fall into these emotional traps, we are no longer thinking with
the data that's presented to us. We're thinking with, oh no, price is going higher and higher.
I want to also get into this. I'm going to press buy. And then boom, you end up losing all your
money. And then, oh no, my trade is going in the opposite direction, but I'm just going to get rid
of my stop loss and not sell because I think the, my direction was right for the day. And then guess
what? You end up losing all of your money. So by trading with these emotions or by letting your
emotions take over the logic, when it comes to trading, that's how you guys are going to break
that risk management and risk management, like I said, is essential in order to turn profitable.
Number two is just be patient. Like I said, day trading is a very high barrier of entry skill set.
Day trading is very difficult to understand. And trust me, it is going to be a long and difficult
journey, but that journey is going to be a small, tiny blip on your massive timeline of life of
turning successful with trading. So again, you guys aren't going to get rich as quick as you
think with trading, but you guys are going to get rich quick. Okay. Or I would like to say that if
you guys are consistent and stick with this enough, okay. That disclaimer, not all of you guys are
going to get rich quick. Okay. Disclaimer. But if you guys are consistent with this, if you guys
are disciplined with this, I know that you guys will eventually be able to make money from the
markets, but you just have to be patient and understand that this is a much longer timeline
than you guys are expecting it to be. Okay. And then last but not least, it's as simple as just
sticking to your strategy. Like we mentioned before, sticking to the data that's presented
to us and then understanding the risk management plan that we've set up. Okay. Now I want to go
over your guys's next steps or how to move forward from here. So you guys understand what
trading is. Buy low, sell high, make money, sell high, buy low. Awesome. Make money. You guys know
the three pillars of trading, which is psychology, risk management and strategy. You guys know,
relatively the overall gist of them. Okay.
Psychology. We don't want to fall into the emotional traps that trading can bring us.
Strategy. We want to choose one that makes sense to us that can help us understand where price
wants to go. And ideally we have a high probability of doing it. And then risk
management. We're not over risking. We're having a sustainable risk management plan.
So we are ready for losses when they do come because they will come within trading. And also
we're going to be able to capitalize more on our wins. Our ideal situation is to maximize wins and
minimize losses. So.
Your guys's next steps is taking action today and not tomorrow. And what I want to invite to
you guys to is my three day live event that I'm going to be doing from November 8th through the
10th, where I'm going to be covering all three of these pillars of day trading in complete depth.
It's going to be a several multi-hour live educational event where I'm teaching you guys
literally everything A to Z when it comes to trading. So I'm going to be going over strategy
in depth, how you guys can.
Understand those very intimidating and daunting charts that I showed you guys early on. Okay.
Where I'm going to show you guys how to understand candlesticks, how to build out a strategy,
how to understand where price is going to go at certain times off of certain confluences.
I'm going to teach you guys the confluences. And then furthermore, I'm going to give you guys an
in-depth strategy on how you guys can fortify your guys' psychology. So you guys don't fall
into those emotional traps within trading. So you guys can again, turn yourself, not only into a
successful. Trader, but.
Also into a successful person. And then we are also going to be covering risk management within
that three day live event. Again, this is going to be, this is the first time that I'm doing
something like this. And I think it's going to be like some of the most value that I've ever given
to the internet, like literally ever. And I'm going to be doing it live in front of you guys.
I'm going to be spending like literally my entire weekend dedicated to this for you guys,
so that you guys are going to be able to turn profitable and have the exact roadmap. So you
guys are going to be able to, again, get on this right track of turning profitable. I'm going to
leave a link down in the description for you guys to sign up to this. And again, I want you guys to
start taking action today. So this YouTube video is a perfect step. And then on top of that, if
these are whatever, if you guys are watching this YouTube video, while the event is still like a
month out or a couple of weeks out, that's awesome. You guys can start front-loading and
start watching a whole bunch of my YouTube videos. And on top of that, when you guys actually join
the three day live event, you guys are going to be put in a special.
Group chat where I'm going to be sending you guys videos prior to the event. So you guys can
mentally prepare. We're going to be going over some psychological tips again, and this is before
the event. So we're giving you guys even more value. Once you guys join to again, prep you guys
for this massive three day event that we're doing to help you guys understand how to trade from
literally A to Z, how to build out those massive three skill sets. And again, the next step for you
guys is to start taking action today. You guys got on this video because you guys want to become
a trader. There's a reason why you clicked on this video. It's because you guys see more potential in
yourself than what you guys are currently at right now. I advise you guys, and I want to encourage
you guys to take action today, whether it's watching another YouTube video after this,
whether it's signing up to the three day live event, doing something that is going to put
yourself in a better position to be able to get 1% better by tomorrow. Okay. Whether it's just
completing this YouTube video and then taking notes and then watching another one right after
this, keep taking actions that are going to help you guys.
Get towards that end goal, whether it's signing up for the three day live event and then going over
the YouTube videos and the videos that I personally send you guys within that group, whatever it is,
I want to tell you guys to start taking action today because tomorrow's going to come. And then
you guys are going to be like, oh man, I'll do it the next day. I'll do it the next day.
And that mindset is never going to get you guys anywhere. The second thing that I want you guys
to do is understand your guys' timeline. Understand that this is going to take a decent amount of time
for you guys to learn and for you guys to develop this skill set. But trust me, it is
going to be the smallest blip on your timeline of understanding or learning how to trade in that
little blip on your timeline can drastically affect and change what the rest of your life
is going to look like. So again, strongly advise you guys to again, understand the potential that
you guys have and take action and take some initiative to change the way that your life
can look like by doing something today and then doing something tomorrow. And then the following
day, every single day to help get you guys to where you guys want to go. Just like how
I did back when I was writing this journal, I was not successful at all when I was writing these
things down. And now I've fully surpassed all of the goals that I wrote down in this journal just
a couple of years later. That is 100% possible for you guys. And again, just understanding that
timeline of, is this going to be a very difficult skill to learn? Yes. But also understanding that
if you guys are able to learn it and if you guys are disciplined and consistent enough,
that this can change your life forever. And then last but not least is just reinforcing
that fact that consistency beats everything. Okay.
Just showing up on a daily basis, whether you want to or whether you don't, and at least
putting in some effort, taking a little bit of action every single day is going to help
you guys get towards that end goal. Because if you guys put in whatever you guys watch
this YouTube video and then you're like, oh, I don't really want to do this. And then
a week goes by and then you watch another YouTube video and you're like, okay, I do
want to do this. You just wasted a week's worth of time when that entire week you guys
could have been getting 1% better. You literally could have already been 10% better than you
were if you just were consistent.
People that show up every single day are going to get so much further than the people
that aren't doing things consistently on a daily basis. And that's the last thing that
I want to leave you guys with is whether you guys do something after this YouTube video
or not, I'm going to make a promise to you guys is that every single person that stays
consistent and stays disciplined, you guys are going to be a winner. Whether that means
in trading or just in life and whether you guys want to pursue trading or end up giving
up on it and finding another side hustle. I don't give a crap. Okay. I just want as many people that
come through this video to be as successful as possible. That is my goal with my YouTube
channel for you guys to come here and for me to inspire the people that were just like
me when I first started trading, to be able to help them to get to where they want to
go with their lives. Because I know when I was younger, I was struggling and I didn't
know what I wanted to do with my life. And then I just so happened to stumble across
a day trading video just like this. And it changed my life forever. And I want you guys
to realize the potential that you guys have as human beings and where you guys can go
with your life.
I want you guys to know what you guys can do with your lives because you already clicked
on this video. So again, if you guys want to start taking action today, I highly advise
you guys to sign up to that three day live event that I'm going to be doing. Again,
it's going to be hours worth of information. I'll leave a link down in the description
for that. And then again, if it's a couple, whatever, like a couple of weeks away or
a month away, I advise you guys to watch another YouTube video, whether it's mine or somebody
else's. I don't, I really don't care. I just want you to, again, keep taking steps in the
right direction.
Love and appreciate you guys. Drop a sub. Peace out.


==============================
VIDEO 007 — EVERY Candlestick Pattern YOU Need to Know to Trade Forex-kLLMCoPb6h0
==============================

The bullish engulfing, the bearish engulfing, the hammer, the shooting star, the evening star,
the harmony, the flag, all of these different types of candlesticks exist. Now, while some of
them might not be clear to you, that's what this video is exactly about. I'm going to review every
single one of them to the T and give them their purpose and why they do this pattern. All of these
different lines, colors, shapes, patterns are all going to make sense in this video. Because all of
these patterns and these shapes in the charts, they're more than just lines or colors on the
charts. These are actual movements that happen time and time again because of other traders and
you can actually capitalize off of them. And in this video, I'm not going to only tell you how to
recognize them so you can see them in the charts. I'm going to actually tell you like how the fuck
they work and you can use them to your advantage every single time. So with no further ado, let's
get started. But wait, before we get started, out of all of these patterns that I'm going to teach
you, you don't need to use every single one of them. I'm going to teach you so you know what
they are.
What you have to do is master about five to 10 of them and that's all you need to be successful. I
will be pointing out the ones that I use every single day to be successful and the ones that you
will not need to use. I'm going to still teach you what they are and how they're able to be used
and you can learn from them just so you have the peace of mind and you know what they are. So when
you see them in the charts, you can identify them and not know what they are, but just know that you
don't need them to be a profitable trader. So with that being said, let's begin. So first things
first, what is a candlestick pattern?
So understand that charts are
made up of different types of movements. There can be a line chart, there can be a bar chart,
mostly known as the candlestick chart. So out of these red and blue boxes or black and white boxes,
you can change the colors however you want with lines at the top and lines at the bottom. These
are called candlesticks. Because you see that little line at the top of the body of the box,
that's where you're supposed to light the candlestick. So obviously the candlestick come
out. When you take that to the charts, it looks like that on obviously the chart. So the candlesticks
are candlesticks because they look like candlesticks. So you have to keep in mind, obviously the
larger the candlestick, the bigger the move, the smaller the candlestick, the smaller the move.
Each and every single piece of information that the candlestick is giving you is to your
advantage. If the candlestick ends up with a big body, it means something. If the candlestick ends
up with a smaller body, it also means something. And if the candlestick has no body and it's just
a line and a little box, that also means something very effective. So in other words, when you're at
identifying candlesticks, you have to understand that every single box, every single line means
something, whether it's towards the favor of your potential trade or towards it is against it. So
you have to make sure that you read it the right way. And keep in mind, these candlesticks happen
across different timeframes and they have the same type of look, but they have different types of
effect. But we'll get into a little bit more of that later in the video. So up to this point,
let's get into the first example of what is known as the long day. So pretty self-explanatory. It's
when a candlestick has a long body. This long body is pretty much identifying that this market
has a lot of momentum. It is simply showing you that that day's momentum was very strong and that
the next day's momentum should continue with that, giving you an indication whether you're in the
trade to continue to hold it or not. So let's get into the first example of what is known as the
long day. So pretty self-explanatory. It's when a candlestick has a long body. This long body is
known as the long day. So let's get into the first example of what is known as the long day. So
if you were about to get into a trade to reconsider it, because either the momentum is going in your
favor or against it. The most common colors are green and red. So for this video example,
we'll be using green and red candlestick examples. And the most common example is obviously a big
green candlestick. So that is indicating that the buyers are in the market. And if there is a big
red candlestick, that means that the sellers are in the market. This big candlestick is known as
the long day.
Contrasting with the long day is known as the short day. Same thing as a long day. It's
pretty self-explanatory. If there's not a big body or a big wick, this is pretty much called
a short day. Also known as choppy market or slow market consolidation. Pretty much all the same
thing. Sums up what is called a short day because the market didn't move much, which is inevitable.
The market some days moves very fast. Some days it moves very slow. When you learn how to read that,
then you can obviously capitalize off of that. And this pattern is a direct correlation with
indecision in the market. The market doesn't know if it wants to continue strong in one direction
or if it wants to reverse and go to the other side. So this is a strong indication that the
market is undecisive and that it is planning its next move. Next example is the bet hold line.
A bet hold line is a simple long candlestick, green for bullish and obviously red for bearish,
opening its low or high and closing its low or high and closing its low or high and closing its
low or high and closing near the opposite end of the range. It signifies a potential reversal
in the current trend, especially when it occurs after a significant downtrend or uptrend, which
is also known as a rejection in the market when you have that big wick. So that means that the
candlestick has essentially melted and all that you see is the wick. Obviously on a real candlestick,
the line that you burn on fire, it pretty much melts and it breaks off. Here in the market,
the candlestick actually went down, but the line
stays there as a trail, meaning that this candlestick is now done. So it's rejected.
Moving on now to morning stars. So there's morning star and then there is an evening star. It's
pretty self-explanatory. Morning star is pretty much the day is getting started. So everything
is up. That is exactly what the morning star is. The morning star is considered of three
different candlesticks. It's considered of one red candlestick, one candlestick that stops,
and then one bullish engulfing candlestick. It's pretty much showing a complete reverse
so now that the market is going to head to the upside. This is personally one of my favorite
candlesticks and patterns that I use every single day when I'm interested in buying.
And then next we have evening star formation, which is very self-explanatory as well. It's
like when the sun is going down, this is a reversal pattern that the market is now is
going to head to the downside. It's the same thing as the morning star, but pretty much
reversed. It is consisted of a red candlestick that approaches followed by a small rejection,
then a bearish engulfing candlestick reversing the market to the downside. This as well is one
of my favorite entry signals to enter the market along with my set and forget strategy and
everything that I apply with it. These two are one of the most effective and most powerful
entry signals that you can possibly ask for. Obviously the timeframes gave a big factor
into it, but I would definitely write these down and put a star into it because this is
what I use every single day in my trading. Followed by the shooting star. The shooting
star.
It doesn't quite look like a shooting star, but if you get a little visual with it, you
can. So this is a candlestick that appears at the end of an uptrend or a potential end
of the uptrend, which it consists of a very small body and a large wick, which is indicating
to us that it has no power to continue to the upside and it is rejecting the upside.
This is indicating to us that buyers are no longer pushing the market and that the sellers
are stronger than the buyers.
This is as well as one of my favorite entry signals, because if I'm looking for a reversal
pattern confirmation, I want to see that the sellers are no longer winning and that
the sellers are now in the market. So the shooting star is my, one of my top favorite
ones as well. So I would definitely write it down and put a star next to this one.
Next we have the two crows. So this is a bearish reversal pattern occurring in an uptrend.
It's with a long green candle followed by a similar red candle that opens with the body
of his previous candle and closes lower. This pattern indicates a shift from buyers to sellers.
Next.
We have three inside up and down. So this is actually very simple and it is very effective.
We have three inside up. It is a bullish reversal pattern that begins with a large red candlestick
followed by a small green within the body of the previous candle and the third candle
that closes above the first candle high. And then we have three inside down. The bearish
version that starts with a large green candle followed by a small red candle and then a third
candle that closes below the first candle lows.
Next we have three outside up and down, which is pretty much the opposite. Three upside up
is a bullish pattern signifying a reversal. It starts with a pair forming a bullish engulfing
pattern followed by a third candle closing higher. And then we have three outside down,
which is a bearish reversal pattern beginning with a pair forming a bearish engulfing pattern
followed by a third closing lower. Next we have three stars in the south, a bullish
reversal pattern consisting of three small bodied red candles, each closing lower than
the previous one. This pattern suggests a gradual weakening of the bearish trend.
And then to add, we have three advancing white soldiers. This pattern is characterized
by three consecutive long green candles, each opening with its previous candles bodies
and closing higher. It signifies a strong bullish trend to continue heading in that
direction.
Now we're going to move on to reversal candlestick patterns. So this next one that I'm going
to explain to you is by far my favorite and most effective one. If I can put the top
three in my strategy of reversal or continuation patterns, this next one would be number one.
So I would definitely write it down and pay attention because this is what I use every
single day in the market and it is extremely effective. And that is the famous head and
shoulders pattern and inverted head and shoulders pattern. So the head and shoulders patterns
happens at a high of a trend.
Where you can have obviously what is looked like a potential head and shoulders and is
not confirmed head and shoulders until it does not break and retest the neckline of
the actual head and shoulders. So this is consisted of three different peaks, but not
all at the same level. The first peak is what is called the left shoulder has the first
initial rejection, where then it gives it the momentum to create the final peak, which
is going to be considered the head. Once the head has
completely finished, then we create the third and final peak, which is simply cannot break
above the highest peak, which is the head. And then it breaks that neckline, which is
called the final right shoulder. And then you have the neckline of the head and shoulders.
This is by far one of my favorite and one of my most successful patterns that I use
every single day with my strategy. And I personally try to only take a trade that gives me this
pattern. Whether it is a head and shoulders at the
upside.
Speaker 1
Or whether it is an inverted head and shoulders, which it simply consists of the same things,
just simply reversed and flipped around an inverted head and shoulders considered of three
peaks, but at the downside. So the first left shoulder is when price reaches a low points and
then it rejects it, which it creates the first inverted left shoulder. And then it creates the
lowest point that it can create, because this is where it's going to be considered the head.
And then once the head has been created,
price will then try and create a new low point, but simply can't. And then that is where prices continue and headed to the upside,
because this is the reversal pattern. And it's where it creates the left head and then the right shoulder. Inverted to confirm to us that this market is now going to continue heading to the upside.
So it is no longer bearish and now it is bullish. This is what I use every single day in the markets. And these patterns happen more times than you can actually expect. Now, some of them are obviously,
nicer than others. Others are more visual and you can see them right off the bat. Others are a little bit more complicated. And my biggest tip to you can be is the cleaner, the better. Don't try and force ahead and showed us if it's not there. If you want to see a video strictly about head and shoulders, you guys can see this video right here, which explains it into great detail. Next is going to be my second favorite reversal pattern with the candlesticks. And this is actually very effective, but not as effective as the head and shoulders. If I were to grade them.
I'd say the head and shoulders has a seven to eight out of 10 effectiveness. And then the next
pattern is going to have anywhere from a five to six effectiveness. This next pattern is going to
be called the double top and double bottom. So it's actually very simple and it's actually a lot
easier to spot than the head and shoulders. It's a little bit more advanced, but these double top
and double bottom is very effective because you can use it right away every single day.
So the double top is pretty much consisted of a market that reaches a resistance point. Then the
candlesticks will have a rejection and then price will go right back to that point and then have
another rejection. This is where the candlesticks have created two equal points where it pretty
much looks like two cones or two triangles at a resistance point. This is what is called a double
top. It's where you have two rejections at the same exact point. And the most ideal point where
you want to spot the head and shoulders is going to be the double top. So the double top is going to
enter this trade is at the retest of the neckline, just as it is with the head and shoulders. This
is very effective and it actually happens more times than the head and shoulders because the
head and shoulders is a bit more complex and it requires a little bit more steps, but that's why
it is much more effective. The double bottom and double top happen more often, but they're not as
effective. So be careful when doing that. And then we have the double bottom, which is pretty much
consisted of the same thing as a double top, just reversed on the downside, which is the reversal
pattern.
So it's when price reaches a low point and then it has a rejection, and then it comes right back to
that same point. And then it rejects once again from the same spot. That is what is called a
double bottom. And it has the same effect as the double top, but it is simply just a reversal
pattern from the downside to head to the upside. Next, we have the triple top and triple bottom.
So what you might be thinking, well, is it the same thing as the double top and double bottom?
Yes, it just has an extra rejection point, which is,
even better because this is confirming to you that price is struggling to break through this
point. So it has given you an extra confirmation for you to enter this trade. So the triple top
is the same thing as the double top, but you just add an extra rejection point in it. And the most
effectiveness is once it rejects the neckline of the triple top pattern. Now, be very selective with
it because this can look a little bit like the head and shoulders if the middle point in the
triple top is higher than the two other points. So it's going to be a little bit more effective.
So be very careful with it, but this only helps your trading because it is a stronger reversal
pattern. And then obviously if you have a triple bottom, it's the same thing as the triple top,
but it is a reversal for the bottom. So it is consisted of three low points that they have
rejected. And again, if the middle point is a little bit lower than the two other ones, then
you actually have an inverted head and shoulders. And the most effective trade that you can take
here is actually at the retest of the neckline. So these three patterns that I have just explained
to you right now are the three patterns that I have just explained to you right now are the three
patterns that I have just explained to you right now are the three patterns that I have just explained
to you right now are the three patterns that I have just explained to you right now are the three
patterns that I have just explained to you right now are the three patterns that I use every
single week with my Santa for guest strategy. And they are the ones that I recommend every
single time. There are more patterns that I'm going to explain to you in this video that I don't
use. I'm just simply going to teach them to you. So you are aware of them. If you see them, you
know what they are, but you don't need them to be successful. Just know that they are in the
markets. They are there, but they're not as effective as these three that I had just explained
to you. So these three different patterns that I just explained to you, write them down, put a
star on it, add them to your notes. They're extremely effective and they do a lot of good
and it took me about four years to master.
So the sooner you get it,
the better you start getting results.
Next, we have the hammer and the inverted hammer.
The hammer is pretty much a bullish reversal candlestick
that happens at the bottom of a downtrend
categorized by a small body and a long lower wick,
which is resembling a hammer.
You can pretty much grab it and hit something with it.
Also, the reversal of a shooting star.
And then you have the inverted hammer,
which is also a bullish reversal pattern.
It appears as the bottom of a downtrend
and as a small body and a long upper body wick.
To add to that, we have the hanging man
and the shooting star.
I know we spoke about the shooting star up above,
which it was actually noted
because it is one of my favorite rejection pattern,
as well as the hanging man,
which is pretty much the opposite of it.
The hanging man is a bearish reversal pattern
that appears at the top of a downtrend
and it looks like a hammer,
but occurs in a different context.
And then a shooting star is a bearish reversal candlestick
at the bottom of a downtrend
with a smaller lower body and a longer,
upper wick.
Moving on now to my, I think,
top two, top three confirmation entry signal
is going to be the bullish and bearish engulfing candlestick.
So I would have the morning star as my first one,
and then I would have my bullish and bearish
engulfing candlestick as my number two.
So what is the bullish and bearish engulfing candlestick?
It's actually very simple and very self-explanatory.
When something is engulfed,
that means that it is bigger than the previous.
It is eating the last subject.
Well, that is exactly what is happening here
with this candlestick.
The bullish engulfing candlestick is pretty much eating
at least a minimum of the last two candlesticks.
And this can happen at a support level
or as a continuation pattern.
And then the bearish engulfing candlestick is pretty much
when the bearish candlestick eats the last two confirmations.
Now, be very selective with this type of confirmation
because it can look very similar to the morning star
and the evening star formation.
It is very, very, very similar.
And
it is not anything bad if you have a morning star
or if you have a bullish engulfing or if you have an evening
star, or if you have a bearish engulfing, it simply is only
going to make your trade better.
It's only going to make you more confident taking this trade.
This is simply just so when you're taking your trades and you're
writing down your confirmations for accountability, and when you're
reviewing your trades, you see if you take more of morning star,
or if you take more of bullish engulfing candlesticks, but you
shouldn't avoid taking a trade because you don't have one or the other.
Again, this is, there's a reason.
Why both of these are part of my top two on my center figure strategy,
simply because of how effective they are.
I use them every single day and I will not take a trade.
If I don't have either a bullish engulfing or a morning star formation,
or if I don't have a bearish engulfing or an evening star formation, it's
only going to make your trade better.
And the only reason you should identify them is so when you're reviewing your
trades, you can identify what you take more versus not next.
We have the Harami candlestick, which is.
Obviously used as bullish and it is used as bearish.
The bullish Harami is a small green candlestick completely
contained with the body of the previous large red candle indicating
a potential bullish reversal.
And then a bearish Harami is pretty much the opposite where a small red
candle is contained with a large green candlestick signifying
a potential bearish reversal.
Next we have the piercing line and the dark cloud over.
A piercing line is a bullish reversal pattern at the end of a downtrend.
Starting with a long red candle followed by a long green candlestick that opens
lower, but closes above the midpoint of the first candlesticks body.
Then we have the dark cloud over, which is pretty much the opposite.
It's a bearish reversal pattern at the end of an uptrend, which starts with
a long green candle followed by a long red body that opens higher, but closes
below the midpoint at its first candlesticks body.
Next we have tweezer tops and tweezer bottoms.
So I.
Actually.
Use these in my strategy, but not as much as the other ones that I have
explained, but they are effective.
Tweezer top is a bearish reversal pattern characterized by two or more
consecutive candles with similar highs indicating a potential reversal from an
uptrend.
And then a tweezer bottom is the bullish counterpart with two or more consecutive
candles, but the similar lows suggesting a reversal from a downtrend.
Next we have continuation patterns.
Now, some of these.
Consist of what are called trend lines.
I strongly am against trend lines simply because I believe they are subjective.
I don't think something that somebody can see a certain way and use a certain way
can be considered successful or profitable because everybody looks at it different.
I think something that is successful and profitable is I give you a system, you
apply, and it is the same for everybody and you use it the same way.
So when it comes to some of these patterns, I personally don't like them, but I'm
just going to bring awareness to them to you.
So first up we have the bullish.
Which pretty much forms during a strong upward trend and appears as a small downward
sloping triangle, which is known as the flag following by step rise in price, which is
the flagpole and it suggests a continuation of the bullish trend.
So you'd expect a breakout of this to have the continuation of it, but again, a little
subjective because they're trend lines.
And then next we have the bearish flag, which it is the inverse forming during a strong
downward trend.
And it appears at this small upward sloping triangle after a sharp decline, indicating
the continuation of the bearish trend.
Next we have what are called pennants, bullish and bearish pennants.
Obviously a bullish pennant resembles a small symmetrical triangle and appears
during a step upward trend.
It suggests that the bullish trend will likely to continue.
And then we have a bearish pennant, which occurs in a downward trend resembling an
upside down symmetrical triangle.
It indicates the continuation of a bearish momentum.
Next we have rectangles, which are actually my favorite, which they're considered also
consolidation breakouts, which is a bullish or a bearish rectangle, which are kind of
the same.
A bullish rectangle formed by two parallel horizontal lines acting as the support and
the resistance during the bullish trend.
You want to know more about support and resistance.
You guys can see this video right here, which it explains everything to the detail of how
I use support and resistance.
Every day.
So after the support and resistance is identified as a bullish trend, indicating that the upwards
trend is likely to continue after the period of the consolidation, it's pretty much a break and
retest strategy to continue to the upside.
And then we have a bearish triangle, which is actually the same exact thing as the bullish one.
We're just expecting a breakout of this box to actually happen to the downside.
These are my favorite type of breakouts with these patterns, because it is the most simplest and not
only the most effective, but it's also the most effective.
It's only the most effective, but it's actually the most legit simply because it's just a box.
It is called the box because you just get one tool and you can see the box visually right in front of you.
Not saying you don't see a triangle in front of you, but I don't think is as clear as effective as the consolidation box.
Simply.
Well, next we have the ascending triangle, which is categorized by flat upper trend line and an ascending lower trend line.
It's typically bullish and suggest a breakout upwards.
And then as we have a descending triangle.
Which features a flat lower trend line and a descending upper trend line.
The pattern is typically bears indicating a potential downward breakout.
And then we have a symmetrical triangle formed by a converging upper and lower trend lines.
This pattern can tilt either way and suggest a breakout in the direction of the prevailing trend.
Next, we have the famous rising and falling wedges.
I use it at the beginning of my trading, but I found no success in it.
So I don't use them, but I'm here to explain to you what.
They are a rising wedge is a bearish pattern formed by a converging upward trend line, despite rising prices.
The narrowing of the pattern suggests weakening, bullish and momentum and a potential bearish reversal.
And then we have a falling wedge, which is the complete opposite, which is a bullish pattern with a converging downward trend line.
And this is where price pretty much slows down, indicating a weakening, any bearish trend, any potential bullish reversal.
Next, we have a on neck in neck, a on neck line is a two candle bearish pattern.
Any downward trend where the second candle opens with a gap down, but closes near the low of the previous candle, indicating a continuation of a bearish trend.
Then we have the in neckline, which is similar as the on neckline, but the second candle closes slightly in the body of the previous candle, still signaling a bearish trend continuation.
Then following, we have a thrusting line, a bearish two candle pattern in a downtrend.
The second candle opens within the body of the first.
But close.
This is more than halfway into it, reinforcing the continuation of a bearish trend.
Next, we have what is called the neutral or undecisive candlesticks, which are also known as doji's.
So we've actually seen doji's earlier in the video, and they're actually very effective, along with a bullish engulfing, bearish engulfing, a morning star, evening star and multiple other candlestick patterns.
But the doji's alone, they are also extremely effective and can be capitalized every single day.
Single day in the market.
Now, sometimes you have to know when to be away from them because they're just undecisive, which is what doji's are, and they can pretty much slow down your trade, whether you are in it or whether you are looking to get into it.
And they can also continue your trade, whether you are in it or looking to get into it.
So doji's are very, very effective, but you have to be very, very careful with them.
Depends on what they are telling you.
So let me explain.
First off, a standard doji is characterized by a very small or non-existing body.
Indicating a balance between the buyers and sellers.
It reflects indecision in the market.
Now, when you have this type of candlestick on a higher time frame, the more careful you have to be.
You're not supposed to like indecisive markets simply because they can slow down your trade or they can simply not let you get into the trade because the market is simply not moving enough.
I've seen these doji's, these standard ones, these undecisive that they have gone for weeks at a time weeks where the market is at.
The.
Exact same point.
Does it move up?
Does it move down?
It only moves up and down enough to create the doji is actually very useful because by you seeing this, you're like, well, I don't want to be involved in a market that is not going to have any momentum.
So you simply step back and get away from it.
So this is very useful for you to learn.
Next, we have the long ledged doji, which is similar to the standard doji, but with the longer wicks suggesting a greater level of indecision and a struggle between the bulls and the bears.
So it is the same.
Exact thing as the standard one, but just the wicks are a lot bigger, which can actually even be more dangerous because out of nowhere, you can have a breakout to one side or a breakout to the other side.
So I personally just stay away from any of these indecision candles because there's no momentum in them.
You don't want to enter a market that has no momentum.
Same way as if you were to be a surfer, you don't want to go surf out there in the ocean.
If there's no waves, your job as a surfer is to go surf.
You want to get on a big wave.
So it rides.
You all the way to the shore.
You don't want to just be sitting there in the ocean waiting for a shark to come attack you.
Well, these candlesticks, if you enter a trade, when there's no volume in the market, you're just kind of getting asked to get eaten by a shark or obviously getting your stop loss to get hit.
So kind of stay away from these candlesticks.
If you're not going to use them to have as a reversal confirmation, where it works for a little bit more of that later in the video, then we have the dragon fly doji, which has a longer wick and no upper wick.
This resembles a T it occurs when the open.
Is high, and the closest price are the same signaling potential bullish reversal in the downtrend.
And then we have the gravestone doji.
This is the inverse of the dragon fly with a long upper wick.
It indicates a potential bearish reversal in an uptrend.
Next, we have a spinning top, which is a candle with a small body and a relatively long wick on both ends, which it signifies at the end of the day indecision.
Either buyers or sellers, it could gain to the upper side or it can gain to the downside.
This often happens.
During.
It's.
Period.
Of a consolidation, which is actually very, very similar to the standard doji, which is called spinning top standard doji.
It's kind of all the same thing at the end of the day.
They all look the same and they all mean the same thing, which is undecisioned.
So don't get confused out there and don't get sold different types of candlesticks or different type of strategies based off of these candlesticks.
Now, at the end of the day, they are all the same exact thing.
They are in decisive candlesticks.
What are they doing?
They're not doing anything.
So you can't build the strategy off of nothing now.
Yes.
You can use them as a confirmation that it is having indecision at a resistance level or at a support level and that it is rejecting it.
And then you can enter the trade then now.
Yes, but you cannot confirm that without having other pieces of a strategy that lead you to that point.
You simply can't just trade these candlesticks alone.
You need to have a strategy behind that.
Next, we have one of my favorite continuation candlesticks, which is a Mara Boozoo candlestick.
Now this is actually a very.
Powerful candlestick.
And you rarely see in the markets on the higher timeframes simply because of its strength and how effective it is.
A Mara Boozoo candlestick is consisted of one big block.
That's it.
No wick at the top, no wick at the bottom, meaning from the moment the market opened, it just went all the way up and then it closed and there was no fluctuation price.
Didn't have a wick price.
The sellers couldn't pull the market back.
Nothing.
Now this Mara Boozoo is a bullish.
Mara Boozoo.
And then it is a bearish Mara Boozoo.
It happens to the upside.
It happens to the downside.
It is stronger on both sides and it is very, very key for continuating your trade.
Whether you're already in it, this gives you more indication to hold it.
And then if you're looking to get into a trade, we'll get in soon because the momentum is clearly there with this candlestick.
Now I'm going to stop it right here because I can actually go for hours on all different types of candlesticks, patterns, formations, reversal continuations.
There is a bunch of different types.
Of languages when it comes to these type of candlesticks.
And there's hundreds of traders out there that have pretty much created these random names and given two or three candlesticks, their own name, and they've called it their own.
Now that is the freedom of trading and op and just shows you the amount of opportunity that is out there.
But that doesn't mean that you have to know every single one of them.
You only need to know a very selective amount of them for you to be successful and have effectiveness in trading with these patterns.
You don't need to know every single one of them.
Simply like when you go to college, you don't have to know every single lecture, every single curriculum, kind of just have to go through it so you can get the degree and then you can go affect, you know, go apply it to your job and be effective.
But you don't ever really use it.
You just kind of have to go through it.
It's kind of the same thing here in trading.
You kind of have to know about it.
So you're aware of it.
It's in your niche.
It's going to be part of your day to day, but you will never use it.
And the sooner you learn that the sooner you will start making money because you will only apply what works.
Remember, it's not about working hard.
Working hard is cool at the beginning, but then it's about what is working smart and how do you work smart?
Well, you work smart by knowing what works and then simply just focusing on that alone.
So, for example, if I've already told you that the bullish engulfing and bearish engulfing works, stick to that.
If I've told you the morning and evening star formation works, stick to that.
The double top, head and shoulders, triple top.
Those are the most effective candlestick patterns that you can see happen in the market.
Now, is there others out there?
Yes.
But.
Are they effective?
No, I have tried this by myself for years and I tried to find effectiveness and it is simply does not work.
And that is why students that use the set and forget strategy and they follow all of these types of patterns, they make anywhere from a thousand to a thousand five hundred dollars a week as a beginner set and forget trader.
If you want to know more about what set and forget is, simply click the link in description below.
And I have a video there for you that explains to you exactly what it means because trading goes a lot further than these candlesticks.
These candlesticks.
Are the simple language that the market is giving you, but now how do you continue a conversation in this language?
How do you know when to interrupt the sentence?
How do you know how to continue a sentence?
Well, that is where the following piece of the strategy comes in, which is called set and forget.
That is where it lets traders make anywhere from a thousand to a thousand five hundred dollars a week as a beginner set and forget trader.
Do you want to know more about it?
Click the link in description below there.
Have a video for you.
That's going to explain everything and what we are about.
Thank you guys for watching this video all the way to the end.
Make sure.
To hit that like and subscribe button and I'll see you guys in the next video.


==============================
VIDEO 008 — Every Single Trading Strategy Explained for Beginners-hJyYxKtys04
==============================

There's endless trading strategies for you to make money out there and there's a lot of people
asking me if my strategy is the best one in the world. Does my strategy engulf every other
strategy out there that exists? And as much I'd want to say yes, the answer is no. I only use
the strategies and the concepts that I understand for myself and give me results. This is the one
that I put together two years ago, which is my center for guest strategy and has made me the
successful trader that I am today. But I am extremely aware that there is many other strategies
out there and concepts that work. I am not the only trader in this industry that's successful.
I know a handful of other traders that have very different concepts than me and make money trading.
So in this video, I'm going to break down as many possible strategies and concepts that I know
that other traders use. So one, I can educate you on how these concepts work to see if they even
make sense for you. And two, some of these strategies that I'm going to be showing you
right now are literally the exact same thing as other strategies. They just,
have different naming, but are used exactly the same. And other traders have complicated.
My main goal with this video is to just make trading easier for you. So with that being said,
let's get into the video. All right. So we're going to be starting off with probably one of the
most known strategies or one of the most known tools that traders use to determine if they want
to buy or start a trade, right? Because at the end of the day, all of these different strategies
are for you to determine if it's a good time to buy or if it's a good time to sell. There's
a strategy out there that traders can simply go to the chart and then they can click the replay
button. And obviously while they're back testing or whatever concepts they use will work because
you know, back testing is not the best way to be accurate. And you know, I can just go back to the
chart, get a random Fibonacci and just throw it from here to here, here, here, and make a reason
or make it make sense on why it should work. But I'm going to be explaining to you right now,
the real reality of how these things work in live markets. So you can go and execute it for yourself.
These are going to be different ways on how you determine if it's a good time to buy or a good time
to sell. That's all we're trying to do as traders. So with that being said, let's start off with the
most known, which is going to be the Fibonacci tool. So the market we know moves in highs and
lows. So if the market has a high move, we anticipate a retracement. So then it has a
continuation high. And if we have this high move, what we're going to anticipate from the market
us traders, what we're trying to do is predict when this retracement is going to stop. And once
this retracement is going to stop, then we anticipate to then take a buy here. So then
we can continue trading with the trend, right? This is all very basic. This is just the
fundamentals of how trading works. We know that the market, we cannot buy at the highest high
because it doesn't really make sense there. You want to make sure you can get a retracement and
get a discount. And our goal as traders is to make sure that the market is going to be
when is this discount going to stop? When are we going to stop this retracement? So then I can
enter the trade. Well, one of those tools that can anticipate for us to let us know if the market is
going to stop before has the move is going to be the Fibonacci retracement. So first, I'm going
to show you guys this example here on the line chart, and then we'll go and we'll take it to the
hand of stick chart. So the way the Fibonacci retracement works is you get the Fibonacci tool
right here in trading. So you get the Fibonacci tool right here in trading. So you get the Fibonacci
view. You can just click on it and then you start it at the bottom of the structure. So you begin
the Fibonacci tool at the bottom of the structure, and then you're going to get all of these lines
that as you open it up, just move along with the mouse. And then you're going to place the top of
the Fibonacci tool at the high point. So if you notice, there is the beginning points, which is
the 100 point, the 100% point. And then we have the ending of the move, which is the 0%, which is
the high of the move. So we start off the Fibonacci by placing it at the higher low, and then we close
it off at the higher high. Now, for now, don't mind all of these numbers out here. Don't mind
the negative 27. Don't mind the 127.20. Don't mind this number. Matter of fact, I make it even
simpler. I'm just going to remove it just so it can be even simpler, right? So the way the Fibonacci
tool works is that these are the Fibonacci retracements. We have the Fibonacci retracement,
the first area, which is 38.20. Then we have the second area, which is going to be the 50%
retracement. Then we have the third, which is a 61.8. Then we have the fourth, which is going to
be the 78.6. Now, these are the four zones where we expect for price to have a retracement into,
and then have a bounce. Have a retracement here, to then have a bounce, a retracement here,
to then have a bounce.
Basically, you're setting up four potential areas of interest using the Fibonacci tool
to determine if it's a good time to then buy. Now, from my experience and from what I have
used the Fibonacci tool, which is mainly known for these quick retracements, halfway retracements,
or deeper retracements, the 38.20 is used as a form.
The 38.20 is used as a form of a quick retracement when the market is trending very fast. Then you
would be interested in buying at this zone. Then you have a continued, more of a faster-paced
trade. Once you have a retracement of a 50%, this push is going to be more of a 50% of what
the retracement was. The deeper the retracement after the 50% point is going to be the 61.8
and the 78.6. These right here are known to be the golden zones of the Fibonacci. This right here
is the golden zone.
You are interested in buying the trade in this example since we're buying. The retracement here,
according to the Fibonacci experts and a bit of my experience, is going to be the deeper the
retracement, the bigger the move. Anything past the 78.6, the Fibonacci is no longer valid,
and then you will no longer use the Fibonacci tool. This is basically just letting you know
the zones where this can have a retracement to, so then you determine
if it makes sense to buy or not. Now, you never really just use the Fibonacci tool alone. You use
it in confluence with the trend, with supportive resistance, order blocks, all of these different
things, which I'm going to get into that later into the video, but this is how trading works
when it comes to the Fibonacci. Once you have a high point, you expect the retracement to stop
at either 38.20, the 50%, 61.8, or 78.6. Now, how does this actually work?
On the candlestick charts, very simple. For example, let's say I would be interested in
executing this trade that I actually executed myself here, and I actually got worked out.
I actually got worked out on this trade. I could have made like $200,000, $300,000. I did make
$155,000 on this position here, but I did get worked out on this one.
So let's say we were to use the Fibonacci tool, for example, on this position that I just entered
here. So let's just pretend like we're looking to buy this trade right here. So here,
we would get our Fibonacci tool, and there's many different ways on how to use the Fibonacci
tool. Many traders say it goes from the low of the wick to then the high of the wick,
which it goes from wick to wick. Other traders would mention that it would go from body to body,
so from the body of down there to then the body of this high. Some people say from the wick to
the body. Some people say from the body to the wick. These are all different ways of how to use
the Fibonacci retracement. I personally, myself, don't find myself ever using the Fibonacci tool,
so I can't say exactly how I would do it because I don't use the Fibonacci. I just know that
how it is used is based off of placing either from wick to wick, body to body, body to wick,
wick to body, and you can mix it up as much as you want. At the end of the day,
all that matters is this retracement came back to a very clean order block,
very clean area of interest, supplying demand, whatever you want to call it.
Came to an EMA, but it also came to a 50% retracement. It also came, if you were to put
it from the wick to wick, back to a 50% retracement, wick to body, came to a 38.2. So it fell in in a
very decent retracement zone, which would then let us know that it's a good time to buy and then
have the push to the upside. The Fibonacci tool is just used as an added confluence to determine
that the retracement has some type of measurement, because sometimes traders would be interested in
taking a trade, for example, like this. Let's say they want to take a buy and they have this as
their push. They'll place the Fibonacci retracement here. And then the trade has a retracement,
let's say, of this deep. And then once they're at this point right here, they want to buy the
trade. And it probably does not make the most sense to buy a trade with such a small retracement.
The whole point of the Fibonacci tool is to let you know that a valid retracement begins from the
and it ends at the 78.6. This is the very important key of the Fibonacci. This is the
golden zone, more or less, that it lets you know that this is where a valid retracement could fall
into. Now, the two numbers that I had removed, which were the negative 27 and the 1.27. These
right here are also used as take profit points and potential entry points.
Now, what does that mean? So the negative 27 is going to be used as your take profit. Let's say
that this price is having a retracement into the 61.8. Now, here you are interested in entering
the trade because you have price action. You have X amount of other confluences that are going to
let you know that this trade is going to go to the upside. So this is where you would have your
entry. Your stop loss typically has to be below the 78.6 because in the event that price does
not respect this 61.8.
area, then price can make it to the 78.6, have a reaction, and then have a push and it never hits
your stop loss. So you always want to make sure that whatever area you are entering in, let's say
if you're going to be entering off of a retracement of the 50%, that your stop loss is slightly below
the 61.8. Just in case if we don't fully react from the 50%, we make it to the 61.8, then we
have a reaction. You have somewhat of a breathing room and you're taking care of your risk. But
let's just say we have it here at the 50%.
Where you want to make sure that your take profit is going to be set is going to be at the negative
27. So this is basically you anticipating that we're going to be having new highs with this
Fibonacci retracement tool. I personally, in my humble experience of trading, this is a very
extensive take profit. Obviously, the risk to rewards are always amazing, but it can be a bit
extensive. I would always first aim to target the 0%, which is an equal high, just in case if the
Fibonacci does a double top and then it rejects from this area. So at least there you were able to
lock in a minimum of a 1 to 3. And if once and if price gets to this area, you're able to manage
the trade live. If we break the structure above, then we can continue to hold the trade to the
upside. Just my personal humble experience with trading and the way I've been able to maximize
the most amount of profits and then avoid the markets having a push to my take profit quote
unquote and then back to break even or even a loss. So this is how the Fibonacci negative
127 area is used. This is more or less how your entry and stop loss would be placed. But you guys
might be wondering, what is this 127.20? Well, this is in the event if we break then the 78.6,
if we break the 100% and we make it to the negative and we make it, excuse me, to the 127.20,
this can also be an area to then buy the trade. Personally, I've never taken this type of trade
myself. I just know that some Fibonacci users would make the
claim that that's what this area would be. And that is the use of it. This is like a fake out,
basically an equity grab when the market would make it to this area, it would then have a push
to the upside. Perfect example could be this move right here. We have the 100% at this low of the
wick. And then we have the high at this high of the wick. If you notice, I broke through the 38,
the 50, the 61.87, the 8.6, the 100% and it made it right to the 127.20. It's a very interesting
trade and anticipating when a fake out and if a fake out really ever happens. But this is a perfect
example of that happening right here. All right, now moving on to the next topic is going to be
candlestick reversal patterns. So I want to be extremely clear. Candlestick reversal patterns
is probably one of the topics that is never ending because the candlestick patterns are always
creating new and different patterns. There is obviously a 80, 90% times that a certain pattern
looks almost the same as a previous example, but it'll never be exactly the same. Just simply
because every single market moves different every single day and the moves are different against a
different currency pair. So they're just going to always be different. They're never going to be
copy paste exactly the same, but the visual can be very, very, very similar. Now candlestick
patterns are probably one of the most well-known formations to use to either enter a trade, get out
of a trade, or just understand what the market is doing because this is literally price.
Action. This is one of the most powerful ways to read the market because you're literally reading
the market in candlestick. Like this is the language of the market moving, showing it to you
and as close as it can get to English writing or to whatever language that you speak. So the
candlestick pattern reversals, there is hundreds of them, but these are the most effective ones
known commonly across the industry. So the first one you're going to have is a hammer.
A hammer is obviously showing an indication that the market is indeed rejecting an area.
Now to add to this, you can't just go and once you see a hammer, you anticipate that the market is
going to automatically buy right away. No, that's completely false. Like you need to have this
hammer be formed at an area of interest. You need to have multiple series of confluences that are
adding value and giving this hammer a actual purpose that are making this hammer reject an
area. So then it can actually have a significant move to the upside because you will get these
candlesticks in the middle of the chart.
And they don't respect it and they don't mean anything. So yeah, you can just go to the chart
and once you go to it, you can see a hammer at a certain place. For example, let's say you see it
right here, for example, and then yes, it does respect it. But then you see another hammer,
for example, let's say like right here, you see another hammer here, but then it actually
continues to go up rather than down. You see a shooting star here, instead of going down,
it continues to go up. So you see a shooting star here, it then goes up,
so on and so forth. You see one here and instead of it going down, it goes up. These need to be used
in confluence with actual added confluence, whether it's a support or resistance, whether
it's an order block, so on and so forth. So I want to make sure I can make that very clear.
So the hammer is going to be obviously a reversal pattern that will push price to the upside.
And then you have almost like its cousin, its brother, its sister, which is a hanging man,
which then it's the same candlestick. But if you notice,
it's actually giving price a move to the downside. So that adds to what I just mentioned
on how can the same candlestick formation in one example, give us a push up and on one example,
give us a push down. And that's not because this candlestick has a green body and this one has a
red body. No, it's because this one probably was placed at a support level. And then this one was
probably placed at a resistance level. That is the importance of using the candlestick patterns
in your favor so you can have the best.
This is personally one of my favorite candlesticks because this literally confirms not only that it's
rejecting the area, how the hammer would be, but it also had enough price action to then go ahead
and then eat the previous candle. Now, the more candlestick that this candle engulfs, let's say,
for example, that it would have engulfed all three of these candlesticks. That is an even
better confirmation because it shows that the buyers are very strong in this market and you're
going to be buying with the buyer. So if you're going to buy with the buyer, you're going to be
buying with the buyer. So you're trading going into profit are a lot more likely than going into
drawdown. Same exact goes here for the bearish engulfing example. This market, once it reaches
a level of resistance, and then we have a candlestick that eats the last candle, that is a
very strong confirmation that we are then indeed going to continue going to the downside. The
bigger the candlestick, the better, the more confirmation that it shows that the sellers are
in control in this market. In this example, the piercing line can be a bit similar to the
piercing line when it comes to the engulfing, but respectfully, they don't, they just aren't
respected across the markets. No traders across the industry really use the piercing line and
it can be very confusing. Since these candlesticks happen so often in the market, you want to make
sure that you can just focus on a good quality amount of them. You don't want to trade every
single one of these patterns that the market gives you. You're going to honestly go crazy.
You will go insane because the market gives too many of these patterns out of the
time and you can almost go delusional and try and see something for what it really isn't in the
market. Just because it has this pattern right here, for example, you'd want to trade that,
but you're not really taking into consideration the overall market trend, your supply and demand
zone, so on and so forth. The best way to use the candlestick reversal patterns in your favor
is going to be by picking the ones that are the best and sticking to those and not trading other
ones. The process of a successful trader when it comes to executing a trade is not by trying to
execute as many trades as possible. It's by eliminating the ones that don't have a high
probability of going in their direction. And by you eliminating the ones that aren't clean,
you're going to only in turn be focusing on the ones that make the most sense,
which give you the better payout. So you don't want to be focusing on the
piercing line or the dark cloud. You want to be focusing on the inverted hammer and the shooting
these are confirmations that we're in the one going to then have a wick fill or two having a
rejection from a resistance. So these basically play hand in hand very similar to the hammer and
the hanging man, which these are going to be happening at a support level. And this will
happening at a resistance level. The main key of these two candlesticks are going to be that we're
at a support and resistance level. Morning star formation is potentially going to be one of the
most powerful ones along with.
The bullish and bearish engulfing candlestick along with the evening star formation. This is
basically a three pattern that happens at a support level where it's once we have a red
candle. Once it approaches there, then we have a doji or a consolidation candlestick. And then we
have a bullish candlestick on this side. If this bullish candlestick can be engulfing and it
engulfs above this one. Now you pretty much got three different candlestick formations in one
pattern. You have a shooting.
Star or a hammer, which is going to be this one. Then you're going to have a bullish engulfing
candlestick, which will then be this one. If it closes above this candlestick and then that equals
the morning star formation. So that you have three formations in one, which is what makes
it the most powerful one out of all of them. And then the same exact thing in turn goes for the
evening star formation. And then this is known as the morning star and then the evening doji star,
which is basically the same thing. This, this one has no doji.
And this one does. The more the confluence you can have, obviously the better. After here,
you have the bullish harmony, which is not a respected candlestick. Neither is the bearish
harmony. And you have the bullish engulfing cross, which this is not a high probability
tray set up either. Then you have a bullish belt hold, which if you were to ask me,
it looks pretty much identical to the bullish and bearish engulfing candlesticks. And this is what I
mentioned at the beginning of the video. There's going to be
different things that you're going to see in the market that might look like something else,
but traders just get creative and they give it a different name. And that's where some people can
get confused because they're like, wait, am I looking at a bearish belt or am I looking at a
bullish engulfing? And if you ask me that candlestick is engulfing that one, this candlestick
is engulfing that one. It is the exact same thing. It is a bullish engulfing pattern, not a bullish
bolt or a bearish bolt. This is where traders complicate things and make things harder for
traders to understand.
This is something that I took about a year and a half, nearly two years to just hash out all of
this noise. And it affected my trading that you can't even imagine. I was unprofitable because
I was trying to perfect all of this rather than focusing on what just mattered. Then we have here
the upside gap to cross, which this example is going to be the same thing as when they were going
to be using later. This one is going to be useful. The three white soldiers and the three black crows
in the respected candlestick formation. Then we have a bullish meeting line. This bullish meeting
line, if you were to ask me, it looks very similar to the morning star formation, if not identical.
So what makes the most sense to have something that is not very clear, like a bullish meeting
line or just a morning star that has indeed the three candlestick formation, adding the bullish
engulfing plus the shooting star and giving you a high probability trade setup. For me in trading,
the simpler the better. So we're going to take out the bullish meeting line along with the bearish
meeting line. And then we have the fry pad bottom and then the dumpling top. This is very similar,
once again, to the morning star and the evening star formation. These are just patterns once again,
giving a different verbiage and just complicating it as a whole. We have a tower top and a tower
bottom. These as well are a complex equation that are not of use. And then we have the three stars
and the advanced block. These are going to be used as doji's rejecting a support or shooting stars
rejecting a resistance. Basically, all that was done here was they added this and just added two
or three more of them and then gave it a three star rejection name to it. And then they basically
gave this formation right here, a advanced block name when it's essentially the exact same thing
as pretty much this.
So yes, the more hammers and the more shooting stars you have, it's better because it's obviously
showing more rejections and more confirmations. But I would just call it as you have two hammers
or you have two shooting stars. I wouldn't give it this complex name, which you don't need to have
two of them in order for it to be a valid entry. You don't need to have three of them. The more
that you have, the better. The less that you have, not that it's worse, just not as ideal.
And then the dumpling top and the bearish breakaway aren't
realistic for candlestick formations. These are the only candlestick formations in the markets that
are mainly commonly used by every single trader and have the highest probability of them having
a reaction from a support level or a resistance level. If you focus on these and only these,
your odds of winning a trade or having a sniper entry are going to be a lot higher if you're
trying to execute every single one of these trades. You don't want to execute every single
trade. You want to only execute the ones that simply make sense.
Now, once again, having these candlestick formation doesn't mean that you're always
going to have a hundred percent success rate with these patterns, right? So if you can see here,
once we have reached a high point, we then here have our evening star formation with a
bearish engulfing candlestick, which is a beautiful confirmation. If I were to show
you guys this chart like this, and this is why I just like being real and raw.
Cause I don't want to show you like the back test and stuff. Like I don't want to go and
find a specific example and just show you the perfect case scenario of it. No, I want to show
you that.
It doesn't work all the time that you can see here, how we have this one candlestick that engulfed
is the last four candlesticks were at a resistance level. And then guess what happened? We did not
respect it. It happens sometimes. Then you're going to have this, this right here is a beautiful
evening star formation, which then we have a shooting star plush, just the bearish rejection
candlestick. And it never engulfed neither of these candlesticks. This is just an evening star
formation. And then guess what? This was the move that it then.
It did indeed happen. So just because you have it on the chart, does it mean that it's going to
happen? It's not going to happen at a hundred percent rent rate. It's not going to happen
at an 80% win rate. It's not going to even happen at a 60%. 50 to 55 max 60% is what these
candlesticks will be respecting. Perfect example is going to be right here. You have a morning star
formation rejecting from a support level. And it did have a minor push, but not for that much.
But then here we have the exact same morning star formation. And then we
have a much stronger push. Here we have an evening star formation with a shooting star,
a beautiful push to the upside. I mean, excuse me, to the downside and examples like this from
the markets are literally never ending. This right here is going to be that three shooting
star example that they just placed onto the market. This is happening at a low point and
you see how it has a beautiful push to the upside. There's literally never ending examples
of these candlestick patterns. And your job as a trader is to consume as most possible information
as you can.
So then you can just see these things like second nature. That is just another day walking across
the park and you can just see these things happen day in and day out. Okay, now moving on to the
next topic, which is going to be head and shoulders. And I'm not going to lie. This is probably going
to be my favorite topic. This pattern right here that you are seeing this head and shoulders pattern
I probably execute every single week. And this pattern has made me nearly eight figures. This
is the only candlestick pattern that I
would love to see in every single trade. Sometimes I execute it with audits and sometimes I lose,
sometimes I win. But this is by far my favorites and the pattern that I have seen the most success
rate in. It's going to be the head and shoulders pattern or the inverted head and shoulders,
which is basically the same thing. It's just obviously flipped upside down.
So the way the head and shoulders pattern works is this is a reversal pattern. The very important
thing that you understand with this head and shoulders pattern is that it is a reversal.
This is not something that you are going like if the market is going and it is heading up,
you're not going to use this pattern to then buy, you're going to actually use this pattern
so you can find the perfect area to then sell. This is a reversal pattern, not a trend continuation
pattern. It's very important that you notice because you will save yourself a lot of time and
a lot of money. Yes. Thank you,ごisetif.com.
So thank you so much for watching this video. See you next time. See you in the next one.
an unnecessary loss so the head and shoulders has a perfect example of when the market is setting up
a reversal this head and shoulders pattern will happen at the high of the market or at the low
of the market the market has been trending downwards for a very long time and when then we
see a big rear head and shoulders this is a big indication that we have a reversal coming into the
market vice versa once we are trending upwards we've been trending upwards for a long time and
then we see a head and shoulders at the high this is indicating that we are now going to be reversing
to the downside so the way the head and shoulders works is first off you won't even know that it's
happening it just starts forming something like this all right you have the left shoulder which
will basically be an equal high to the previous high or a bit higher no big deal then you have
the head which could potentially even look
like this move is just creating a new higher high to then have a retracement to then keep heading up
but it actually is the highest point in the market before we actually have the move
then this market once we instead of continuing and having a higher low here to then continue
hitting up what we'll do is we'll have an equal higher low or we'll even break below the structure
point which will then give us the base of the head and then this is where the money comes in
this is where
the head and shoulders will actually get formed the head and shoulders will get formed off of
the right shoulder well it will create an equal high to the left shoulder or it will just continue
having a push to the upside you don't know you have a head and shoulders until the right shoulder
is formed it could be doing something like this and it can look like it's a potential perfect head
and shoulders but it really is just a fake out and this move keeps going to the upside i can't
explain to you guys how many times i've anticipated to take a trade based off of the right shoulder
anticipating for it to break the neckline and i have lost you never want to take a trade
anticipating the right shoulder you want to make sure that when you take the trade it's once we
have broken below the neckline if we have not broken below the neckline we do not have a
confirmed head and shoulders pattern this is simply just market structure at this point as
long as we are above the neckline we do not have a confirmed head and shoulders pattern
above the neckline it is just market structure if this market were to be placed like this
would this count as a break of the neckline technically yes but you want to make sure that
you can have a clean break below the low of the left shoulder higher low and then this would be
the perfect retracement to then have the push to the downside now if you're a beginner don't worry
i don't expect for you to understand this right away these are very technical very advanced things
and just watch this recording a couple of times or you should go first of all subscribe to this
channel if you're ready at this point in the video and go check out the other videos where i literally
go extremely in depth onto how i use this and where i have a sniper entry area on how to execute
the trade based off of the right shoulder so this head and shoulders is going to be extremely key
once and if we actually break the neckline of this head and shoulders until we don't break
the neckline the trade is no longer possible so i'm going to show you how to do that in just a moment
once we break it we then anticipate for price to then have a retest of this area of interest
then here's where we would sell you never want to take the trade before we break the neckline
that is one of the biggest mistakes that i made over the course of a year and a half i lost so
much money that i should have never lost and now i have perfected it waiting for the break
we get the retest and then we sell can you enter the cell once we break the neckline no you need
to have a retest for the retracement of the neckline so then we head to the downside this pattern
is by far my favorite and has made me the most amount of money compared to any other market and
these head and shoulders pattern can literally happen on any single time frame now they're never
going to be as pretty as the one that i just showed you right now but they will be extremely
accurate so for example i can just go to a random chart like usd jpy for example this right here
right in front of us right now i see three head and shoulders
pause the video and try to spot it yourself go ahead so this is the first head and shoulders
that i see there's an inverted head and shoulders left head and then right shoulder as you can see
this head and shoulders reversal pattern worked perfectly because it happened at the bottom of
a move you have to remember that is a key foundation when determining where this pattern
is going to be placed then there's another head and shoulders pattern that is a lot bigger
but it did not actually work
you can see here that you have a left a head and then this is the right shoulder this is a perfect
example of a invalid head and shoulders if i were to just bring this right down here you can see how
we never broke the neckline and guess what the market just simply kept going up and we never
reversed from this market right here you want to make sure that you have a proper break of the
neckline and you have a complete formation and it's right here inside of this box you can see
and then you have a retest so then the trade continues to go this is a perfect example of a
head and shoulders that is currently cooking up we have a left head and then a pretty big right
shoulder right now and we are currently breaking the neckline as we speak and this right here is a
perfect example of a head and shoulders i actually made three hundred fifteen thousand dollars off of
this one trade right here so you guys can see that we have a beautiful left we have a head
and then this is a head and shoulders and then we have a retest so then the trade continues to go
this is a right shoulder you notice bright price broke the neckline came back retested it and then
we headed to the downside this formation happens on daily time frames it happens on four hour
time frames as you see here on the four hour we have a beautiful left head right shoulder and
then inside of this right shoulder we then have another one a little left head right shoulder
these examples are literally never-ending i could be here all day finding these examples
here we have an inverted left head and then a right shoulder broke the neckline retested it
continue going to the upside these are never-ending and is by far my favorite formation that the market
can possibly ever go like i'm just so passionate about it i can really just be here all day but you
know what i'm not going to be here all day showing you head and shoulders so let's get into the next
topic all right now moving on to our next topic is going to be top down analysis now this is
probably one of the most powerful things in the market today and it's going to be one of the most
when it comes to understanding where is the market at that very moment and is does it even
make sense to buy or not so top down analysis is literally what it explains top down analysis
you're going to start from the higher time frame to the lower time frame so where we start
our top down analysis from the weekly time frame then the daily time frame and then the four hour
time frame the way top down analysis is used is to determine where is the trend of the market
at this very moment where is the structure now the live price live price would be right here
live price would be right here live price would be right here now all of this is literally the
exact same market for example let's say this is euro usd this is just how it looks like on
the weekly this is how it looks like on the daily and it's how it looks like on the four hour it's
the exact same market if i hover it over this one it's the exact same thing if i hover this one
it's the exact same thing obviously the lower the time frame you go the more detailed structure
that you see on the weekly time frame a push up can consist of two big candlesticks maybe three
maybe four whatever the case is but each one of these candlesticks that is forming here let's say
we have three candlesticks on the weekly that's 15 trading days so that's going to be 15 smaller
days that are going to be formed here inside of the daily time frame which we're you know this
reviewer stack up obviously a lot more than the weekly but 15 candlesticks on the daily on the
four hour we'll probably have an extra 30 35 candlesticks that will form throughout all of here
so when we're doing top-down analysis we want to make sure we're not just looking at the candlesticks
because the candlesticks don't reflect anything other than just a more detailed
version of the higher time frame when we do top-down analysis you want to make sure that
you can just look at the overall picture where is the market right now are we at a high points
are we at a low point are we at a standstill are we just not even ready to be interested in the
trade now this market right here is very obvious that the weekly time frame is at a high right so
this would be the higher high and then this would be the higher low very easy very self-explanatory
for the daily time frame we'd understand
that this is the higher high and this right here would be the higher low and for the four hour we
would understand that this would be the higher high on the four hour and this would be the higher
low on the four hour now what matters here is that we understand based off of our top-down analysis
that the overall time frame everything is going to be bullish now that we know that the time
frames are bullish
probably makes sense to buy right because we have three time frames in sync
wrong you don't buy just because every single time frame is headed in one direction you want
to make sure that the market is not at a very high point or at a very low point and it's overdue
a retracement and if you guys remember what we were talking about the fibonacci retracement for
example if we were to place a fibonacci retracement right here on the weekly time frame
we can literally tell that we are at a high point right now in order for us to buy this
trade we need some type of a retracement to then continue to take this trade to the upside
so top-down analysis lets you know whether we are at a high point or whether we are at a low point
depending on the time frame and then you're able to make a decision off of that top-down analysis
so here does it make sense to buy based off of this top-down analysis yes and also no because
you need to have some type of a retracement this retracement could then be
something like this and then on the daily it could be something like this and then on the
four hour it could be something like this and if on this retracement everything still remains bullish
then the trade makes sense to buy you never want to buy at the highest point you always want to
wait for a retracement and if that retracement happens and everything stays bullish you're good
to buy and this top-down analysis you cannot and i can't even explain how many times this has let
me avoid losses and have a good time so let's go ahead and let's go ahead and let's go ahead and
have a very clear understanding of the exact trade that i'm entering at that moment in the
market now moving on to our next topic is going to be break of structure now break of structure
is probably something that you've heard in the past or as many people might know it's going to
be chotch change of character break of structure shift of structure potato potato this is literally
all the same exact thing the market is changing it's not going to be the same of what it was it's
making what it was doing before this is probably one of the most controversial topics when it comes
to trading because some people want to call it chotch some people want to call it break of
structure and at the end of the day the market is changing the market is shifting it's going from
one direction to the other break of structure chotch change in direction shift of structure
is literally when a market is trending upwards or a market is trending downwards and we are
consisting of higher highs and higher lows
and we all know once this market if this market ever does break below this higher low we are no
longer bullish this market could overall look like we are going to the upside because it just
looks like it's in a bullish channel heading up but that is the biggest mistake that you can make
as a trader that will be a rookie mistake because this market will not be bullish based off of just
the way you see the overall price where it was headed this break of structure this
change of character this shift of structure is the beginning of a bearish move so now this higher
low would turn into the lower low this higher high would turn into the lower high and now we
would anticipate for this market to continue to basically go down this right here is the simplest
way of looking at it a break of structure a change of character is when the market is in a certain
structure point whether it be bullish or bearish and then we basically break we
change the market the market changes from bearish to being lower high and lower low so this market
was bearish in this whole entire move here and then we break it we shift it we change it we
shift it now this market is bullish this is now the higher high this now goes as the higher low
and then this market will then continue to then have moves to the upside this can literally happen
on any time frame this can happen on the daily time frame weekly four hour one hour 30 minute
five minute one minute
obviously the lower the time frame that you're in the less respected that a change of structure
can be the change of character the break of structure if this happens on the one minute
this will probably happen every five minutes there will be a change of structure a break of
structure a change of character but now if this were to be the daily time frame or the weekly time
frame it obviously takes a lot more time for it to create it so it's a lot more respected the moves
are going to be a lot bigger
and it makes a lot more sense to place high lots of money on a trade that has more confluences rather
than something that changes and breaks every five minutes i personally like to look for my breaks of
structure and my changes of character on the higher time frame to determine if i'm going to
be interested in taking a trade if i were to be on the lower time frames it would be more for entries
and scaling in or scaling out of positions but to get the overall direction of a position i want to
focus on the higher time frame have we broken above this which now makes it bullish or are we
then going to continue shifting to the downside a break of structure a change of character that
should the structure is literally whenever the market goes from bullish to bearish or from bearish
to bullish it's shifting it's changing and it's going in a different direction now these are great
to have sniper entries or these are great to then get out of a position before it heads back
to take profit and if you notice something here that i have already mentioned before also happens
at this break of structure at this change of character and at this shift of structure it's
going to be a head and shoulders pattern this can happen at the high of a move or it can happen at
the low of a move an inverted head and shoulders this is why change of character red head and
shoulders or break of structure go hand in hand and create the perfect reversal pattern break
of structure is a reversal pattern all right so
let's move down to our next topic which is going to be breakout slash break and retest this is
commonly used with scalp trading slash day trading these are more for impulse moves these are for
moves that are just meant to be quick you want to be in and out of the position as it breaks out
or on a quick retest i find myself taking some of these trades as well for intraday swing trades or
even some day trades so what a breakout consists of is when a market is consolidating for a period
of time this can be
on the one hour time frame 30 minute time from four hour time from data time from whatever time
frame all it matters is that you have somewhat of a ranging market it doesn't actually have to
be anywhere near as big as that i just did that example so you understand that the market is
somewhat consolidating it can consist of you know five six structure points and the market is
consolidating within a zone and then once you have a market and you've identified that it is
consolidating it is stopped it is choppy it's stuck
that is what it is it's just a breakout now many traders confuse for a breakout with a fake out
where there can be a candlestick literally being inside of this box and then it breaks out of the
box now this is the candlestick right here that it is flickering up and down but the candlestick is
yet to then completely be closed there can still be 15 minutes for it to be closed 30 minutes for it
to be closed an hour two hours a day whatever the case is
And a lot of traders, they mistake this for a breakout, but this can very much be a fake
out where it's where the market actually breaks above this area, but then actually closes
back below the zone, which then in hence that would not be a proper breakout.
And this market can continue consolidating inside the zone.
A proper breakout is once and if we actually close above the consolidation zone.
Now, once we actually close above, now we have a confirmed breakout.
All of these structure points and where the consolidation box will be placed is to the
bodies of the candlestick is to the structure of the market structure of the market is always
going to be the wicks.
Rather than simply change from the candlestick chart to then the line chart, you can see
that the structure is at the body of the candlesticks.
At no point.
Is it at the wicks?
So if we're going to place a consolidation box, we're going to place it at the bodies.
We're never going to place it at the wicks.
We're going to do a consolidation box.
Let's say, for example, here, this right here would be placed at the bodies.
And then this right here would be a perfect example of a candlestick, having a breakouts of this.
And then we continuing with the trade to the upside.
This can also be right here, a very smaller consolidation box.
Everything is placed at the bodies.
And then if you know.
Notice, we have this one candlestick that broke out.
We continue to trade with that market right there.
So the breakout method is very powerful because you're taking the trade with impulse.
You're taking the trade with momentum.
Once it breaks out, you're going to continue to trade with that momentum.
And the very key and very important thing when it comes to these breakouts is going to be the stop loss.
You want to make sure you can place your stop loss if you can below the consolidation zone.
Just in case of the event that it did break out properly, but it still, for whatever reason, decides to come back into the zone before actually having a push to the upside.
You want to make sure that your stop loss is at a point.
If it gets hit, you're completely wrong.
Because if this market then closes below the breakouts of the consolidation, that means it breaks out to the downside and then it should just small retest or just continue going to the downside.
I am always a big fan of placing your stop loss below.
I am always a big fan of placing your stop loss below.
I am always a big fan of placing your stop loss below an area or at an area.
If it gets hit, you are completely wrong.
If we place our stop loss at the high of this consolidation box, the market can simply have a retest of it, stop you out, and then head to the upside.
You never want to put your stop loss where it could be hit and you not be completely wrong.
And many traders make this mistake just because they want to be involved in the market and they don't want to take a trade for what it actually is.
So this right here would be a perfect example of taking a breakout trade.
So your stop loss would be somewhere down here, then your take profit would be somewhere up here.
Or you can wait for a retest.
So you have the breakout, which is as soon as it breaks out, the candlestick closes, you take the trade right away, and then you anticipate for momentum to keep your trade going up.
Or you have the break and then the retest.
The retest, you want to make sure that the bodies come back or the wicks and reject the high of this consolidation box.
If you're getting rejections on this retest, same exact thing applies.
You're stuck.
You're stuck.
You're stuck.
Your stop loss will then be exactly at the same spot, whether you were to have it at the breakouts or whether you were to have it at the retest.
Your stop loss always has to be below the zone, just in case if this retest wants to come back a little bit deeper and you don't get stopped out unnecessarily.
Breakouts and break and retest go hand in hand.
Personally, myself, I can't pick which one I would take the most.
They both are very high probability trade setups.
A breakout is great.
A break and retest is great.
Every single trade is different.
And I would have to determine at the time of me taking the trade if I want to wait for the retest or not.
But both of them need a proper body candlestick closure outside of this consolidation zone in order for it to be a valid formation.
And these breakouts typically where you would want to actually then reach your next take profit would then be continuing wherever the trend is going to be going.
And obviously, the lower the time frame, the smaller the moves and you'd based off of the overall direction you're trading with that actual market.
But this is a very, very, very common pattern.
And I use it personally myself a lot as well.
Moving on to the next topic and probably one of the most controversial topics is going to be supportive resistance, order blocks, supply and demand zone.
Now, I even had to adjust my chair for this one because all of this is the same shit.
I almost feel like I lost some brain cells having to educate myself on something that I already know.
Because I tried to think about, OK, let me have an open mind to understand other things out there in the market.
But then I realized that this is one of those things in trading where they just kind of gave a new name or a new mix to something that has just a base foundation of what it is.
Floor, ceiling.
That is all support and resistance on order block, supply and demand zone R.
Now, how?
How they get used is completely different.
Order blocks get used in a specific way.
If you're scalping, demand zones get used in a different way.
If you're swing trading, supportive resistance gets used in a different way.
If you are day trading.
So a support is going to be an area where price finds a base from it.
Whenever we reach this support, we are going to have a reaction from it.
Whenever we reach this demand zone or this supply zone.
We're going to have a reaction from it.
And whenever the market reaches a high point, whether it be this area here and we have multiple rejections from this area, this is going to be a resistance zone.
This is going to be an order block.
This is going to be a supply or demand zone.
It's a ceiling.
Whenever the market hits this area, when it's heading up, it rejects it.
Whenever the market hits this area, when it's heading down, it rejects.
That is literally all it is.
It's a floor and it is a ceiling.
A valid support level, a valid order block, a valid supply and demand zone is based off of a minimum of three touches.
You need to have three touches at the support, three touches at the order block, three touches at the demand zone, so it to be considered a valid area, three touches with body structure.
Now, this can be on the weekly.
This can be on the daily, on the four hour, two hour, one hour, 30 minute, 50 minute, whatever timeframe you like.
Okay.
The higher the timeframe, the more respected the zone will be, the more rejections, the more structure points, the stronger the zone will be.
Very simple and clean example could be this one, for example, right here.
And if you notice, I'm just doing this raw.
I'm literally going to the markets live right now and just finding whatever is in front of me.
I'm not pre-setting this up with actual perfect examples.
I'm literally showing you examples that I personally am trading right now in real markets.
As we speak.
So this right here would be a perfect level of support and resistance.
This would be a supply and demand zone.
This would be a order block.
It's all the same thing.
Whenever the market is above this area, we are clearly heading up.
Whenever we're below it, we're clearly heading down.
Whenever above it, we head up above it.
We head up above it.
What do we anticipate for it to head up?
It really is that simple.
And then the way this next supply and demand zone, this supportive resistance zone up here works is the exact same way.
Whenever we are above this area, we head up.
Whenever we are below this area, we head down.
That is really it.
Nothing else to it.
Whenever we're below it, we head down.
Whenever we are above it, we head up below down.
And whenever we're above it, we head up.
Whenever we're above it, we head up.
Whenever we're below it, we head down.
So on and so forth.
An order block is literally just more of these lines.
And they anticipate for this market to go from this block to then this block.
And then once we're at this block, it'll go from this block to then this block.
So on and so forth.
A support level is a base when the market actually rejects.
And then a resistance level where the market actually rejects.
It is a ceiling in the market.
It is a floor in the market.
A level of support could be used as resistance.
Perfect example right here.
And this level of support is then being used as resistance right here.
And then a level of resistance could then be used as support.
That is why it is a block.
This is why it is a supply and demand zone.
They can both go hand in hand.
When you're above it, you can use it as support.
And when you're below it, you can use it as resistance.
That makes it far more valid if it is only used as supports or only used as resistance.
You want to make sure that your support and resistance level, your order block, your supply and demand zone is being used above and below it.
That way, if for whatever case, when you're going to go take a trade, let's say we're going to buy this market right here because we're at this support level.
For whatever reason, we don't respect it.
Well, then we can just wait for a retest to then sell.
That is exactly what we did over here.
Price came into this area, didn't respect it for whatever reason.
Then we retested and we sell.
What matters is identifying a respected area.
And then once you're at the area, you can determine if you want to execute the trade or not.
Now, with that being said, let's move on to our next topic, which is going to be EMA slash indicators or SMA or really any type of indicator out there.
They all have the exact same use and mean the exact same thing.
An indicator is going to be something that is used as an indicator.
You can add a confluence to let you know if you should buy whether you're above it or sell whether you are below it.
It is basically a mathematical equation that the EMA, which stands for moving average exponential or exponential moving average.
And based off of the settings of your EMA, it gives you a certain type of equation, whether the length can be 50, the offset can be zero.
You can pretty much customize this however you'd want.
And based off of how you customize it, there's a mathematical equation behind it.
If you're above the EMA on the chart.
But the way the EMA literally works is that it will follow price as closely as it can.
And when it follows price, sometimes it's above it and sometimes below it.
And it just lets you know if you're above the EMA, it's a good time to buy.
Or if you are below the EMA is a good time to sell.
Or if price has a retracement and then it's tapping and rejecting the EMA, now you're rejecting it.
Or if you have just broken below the structure.
And then once price has a retracement, now you're rejecting the EMA.
The EMA is just an added confluence when it comes to executing a trade.
It's never going to be 100% accurate.
Can you get a hundred different types of EMAs and then intertwine them all together?
And then they're just all over the place in the charts.
And then they give you a amazing risk to reward because you're going to have a hundred EMAs.
And just because you're above all of them, they're going to tell you the trade is going to go up.
No.
It's really the complete opposite.
The less, the better.
The simpler, the better.
There is no one EMA or one indicator fits all, works for all, 100% win rate.
It doesn't work.
An EMA is always going to be following price late.
It's never going to be right accurately with the price.
And it's never going to give you the precise and sniper entry.
It is used as a dynamic level of support and resistance.
If you notice here when we're trending downwards.
So the EMA.
Rejected the EMA here and then it met up with the EMA again over here at 238 days later.
And then once we broke the EMA, we then came back to the EMA and touch it once again, 105 days later.
This is for the daily example.
Obviously, if we go to the four hour timeframe, one hour, the breaks and retests of it would be a lot simpler.
But the EMA could be used across many different timeframes.
It could be used on the weekly, the daily, the four hour, the two hour, the one hour, 30 minute, the 15 minute.
All it does, it lets you understand if we are above it.
It's a good time to buy or four below it.
It's a good time to sell.
Think of the EMA like a cherry on top of a milkshake.
The cherry on top does not make the milkshake.
It just gives it a better look and makes it a little bit sweeter.
Some people like the cherry.
Some people don't.
But the EMA is exactly that has no more or less value than the cherry.
Some people like it.
Some people don't.
If it's not there, doesn't really make the milkshake less valuable.
It tastes any different.
Same exact thing here.
If you have the indicator, if you have an EMA and SMA, whatever the case is, it does not make it more or less of what the trade is.
It is just simply an added confluence into the markets and it could be used on any timeframe at any given point.
Personally, for me, this probably falls to the bottom of the list of my priority when executing a trade.
Moving on to our next topic is going to be trend lines.
So out of everything that we have talked about.
So far, trend lines are arguably one of the most subjective trading strategies that you can possibly use.
Trend lines are probably one of the ones that can be used in the most complex, different ways.
Works for some people, doesn't work for other people.
But trend lines basically consist of the exact same thing as supply and demand zones, support and resistance and order blocks to a certain extent.
And even your EMA and your indicators.
A trend line is going to be used as a.
Support level where basically once price is going in an upwards direction, you can anticipate for price to come back, retest this trend line and then have a bounce from it.
Or if you are in a upwards channel like this one is in this perfect example right here, you anticipate for it to hit the top of the channel and then you potentially sell to the downside.
And this pattern pretty much just goes on forever until it decides to break.
You can also use the trend line, for example, once it does break out of this channel for it to come back.
Retest the trend line and then continue going down.
Or you can use it to just expect for price to break back into this area, retest the trend line and continue going up.
There's many different ways on how to use the trend line.
There's many ways that work, other ways that don't work.
The trend lines are for you to be able to consolidate price in a trending move to determine if you continue to trade with that trending move or if you trade on a breakout of this move.
Now.
We take this to real live price.
Trend lines, like I mentioned, are very subjective.
They can be used in many different ways.
Many different ways is you can start at a high point, for example, here from the wick.
And then you can go to the second wick, which would be this one right here, and then just extend it the whole entire way.
So you match the first wick to the second wick and then you cut price completely through without giving any care for it.
And then you would trade at these retest of these points.
Within a move, you can put it at the last high.
For example, you can put it from the high of this wick to then the last structure point.
And then you anticipate a break and a retest out of this trend line.
Or you can then start at the top of this wick and then go to the first body structure and then just go all the way down and basically the same thing apply.
Or you can start at the body structure points and then you can go to then the wick and then you can extend the whole entire way there.
So it would be something like this.
Or you can go from body to body.
There's many different ways on how to throw the trend line.
But at the end of the day, the purpose of the trend line is to consolidate price inside of a box.
And then once you have this box, you're determining if you want to continue to buy or if you want to continue to sell.
It's a different way on how to have support and resistance.
Support and resistance is completely horizontal, just straight flat on the chart.
Now, trend line is going to be something that will be based on this.
Based off of how price action is moving and it's going to be the same way as a level of support and resistance just moving on the chart.
Now, whether you place it from wick to body, from wick to wick, wick to structure, that is going to be completely entirely up to you and where you can make it the most sense.
But just like every other thing that we have mentioned to this point right now, this will be equally as effective in my opinion when it comes to placing on the weekly, daily, 4-hour, 1-hour, 30-minute, 50-minute.
Like always, the lower the time frame, the less respected it's going to be because when there's an abundance of something, the value of it just simply goes down.
And when there is less of something, the value of it obviously goes up.
So trend lines is basically a level of support and resistance used diagonally in the charts whenever you're interested in buying to understand that this is going upwards or whether you are interested in selling it and then you are using it downwards.
It can also be used to trap price.
You can trap price inside of a movement.
So let's say, for example, right here we are inside of this very sharp bullish move.
We can trap price inside of this bullish move for when we break out of this, then we would be interested in then taking the trade into the downside.
This is never-ending the possibilities on how you can place it and the opportunities that can present itself with it.
Now, every single strategy that I have just broken down to you right now is probably still only scratching the surface.
There are still many more.
There are many other institutional strategies.
There's still other very small scalping strategies.
There's also martingale.
There's never-ending amounts of strategies.
As we speak right now, there is traders evolving and creating new strategies.
Now, they might not work for me per se, but they might work for somebody else.
Personally, the way that I trade is simply going to be based off of the less amount of noise that I could possibly get from the markets, the more effective.
I've been doing this for the last seven years.
And I've been successfully teaching people for the last four years.
We've had students have results like taking $1,000 to $200,000.
We've had success rates of students quitting their jobs.
We have kids that were going to college and they completely dropped out of college and are full-time day traders.
Not saying my strategy will work for you because I can't guarantee that.
What I will say is that if you pick a strategy, whichever one of the ones that I have just shown you, and you literally only execute that one strategy and you have a profitable risk-to-reward ratio,
you will simply be a profitable trader.
There's hundreds of strategies out there and there's thousands of profitable traders all executing different strategies.
Now, the problem is that when traders go execute these strategies, they don't know if they're executing it correctly.
They're not part of a community or they don't have a mentor that is there with them every single week, letting them know that they're doing the right or wrong thing.
Now, my community that I have just recently created a brand new program.
It is a personalized mentorship directly with you.
Where I personally review your trades and I let you know, hey, you're doing this right or you're doing this wrong.
And there, I am actually able to mentor you and you're able to understand directly for me what you're doing wrong.
If you guys want to know more about my mentorship and how to execute the exact same strategy that I personally use and how I take all the noise away from the market,
the link is in the description below.
It's an application process only.
You cannot just join the mentorship right now, even if you want to.
You literally have to apply and qualify for it.
Because if I'm going to be getting on a call with you,
I need to make sure that you're obviously ready to be part of the team.
If not, I'll be like, hey, you simply don't qualify to be part of the students and be a part of the community right now.
You can go watch more of my YouTube videos, catch a little bit more experience.
I'm at the point now in my trading journey where I want to work with sniper traders so we can evolve and grow together.
So you guys should check out other videos here inside of my channel so you guys can actually grow and progress as a trader.
If you guys think you qualify to be part of the community, link is in the description below.
I hope you guys enjoyed this video.
Make sure to hit that like and subscribe button and I will see you guys in the next one.
Take care, guys.


==============================
VIDEO 009 — Fair Value Gaps Explained-xcDOMKaOIsk
==============================

this is going to be the only fair value gap video that you guys need to watch in order to fully
understand fair value gaps imbalances and inverse fair value gaps i'm going to be covering how to
identify them how to use them on a chart and also when we can use them to actually take trades off
of them obviously we need a lot of other confluences to actually take these trades but
this is mainly just going to be going over imbalance as a whole which is fair value gaps
imbalances and inverse fair value gaps so with that being said let's jump on the chart let's
talk about how to identify them and then also make sure you guys stay to the end so that i can show
you guys not only how to identify them but how to actually place trades using this super great
confluence that i pretty much use every single day in order to place trades so let's pull up the
chart before we even start doing anything with candlesticks or anything we're gonna we're gonna
do a picasso drumming okay so a fair value gap and something that i like to do is i like to help
people fully understand what's going on in terms of what's going on in terms of what's going on in
terms of products going on in terms of what's going on in terms of caring for what's going on worldwide
i'm a guy who Sistereu 다음에 항상
10 10 40 if you straps
this video left source
there
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
I'm going to show you guys how we can identify them,
I'm going to give you guys a little drawing of it,
and then we're going to go ahead and describe
why price moves the way that it does
off of these confluences,
and then we'll go into identifying them.
So, a fair value gap is a three candlestick pattern.
Okay, we have one candle,
and then we have our expansion candle,
and then we have another candle.
So, as we know, anatomy of candlesticks,
we have boom, this candle opened right here,
it had buy orders that pushed it up here,
and then sell orders pushed price down here,
and at one point in time, price came down here,
at one point in time, price came up here,
sell orders ended up pushing price down,
and closing price out right here.
Then following that, we see a boom, big move up,
so this candlestick closes up here,
next, this candlestick opens right here
at one point in time during this,
let's say this is on the hourly, okay?
So, during this hour,
hour, price got up to this point, price had sell orders down to this point, and then buy orders
push it back up, and then price ended up closing here. So this is a bullish fair value gap, or where
even is the fair value gap in the first place? Well, we know that price had buy orders push it
up here, and then what happened? Sell orders were right here and caused price to push down, okay?
And ended up stopping it right here. Then on top of that, we had sell orders push price down, and
then buy orders bought it back up here. So what do we know? Sell orders stop here, and sell orders
stop here. So with that in mind, what do we know? Sell orders stopped here, and sell orders stopped
here. So what is there a lack of within this gap? There's a lack of sell orders. So this is part of
the reasoning behind this. When we have this gap between the top candlestick of the first candle
and the bottom candlestick of the third candle, we can identify a price range where there's a lack
of sell orders within the market. So what do we know? Sell orders stopped here, and sell orders
that if the market retraces into it, and we see buy orders filled within that price range where
there's a lack of sell orders, what can we assume about price? Price is more than likely going to
proceed up, especially if we're within an uptrend, okay? So that's a bullish fair value gap. Why is
it a bullish fair value gap? Well, first of all, if we're in an uptrend, and we see a price range
where there's a lack of sell orders, and price goes into the price range where there's a lack
of sell orders, and we see candlesticks moving up out of that, confirming that buy orders have been
filled, then we can safely assume that price is going to move higher from there. And on top of
that, why do we call these imbalances? Why do we call fair value gaps imbalances in the first
place? Because it's imbalanced price action. We know that there's a lack of sell orders within
here, so what is going to cause price to balance itself out? Sell orders to push price down in
here, fill in this lack of sell orders, and then from there, we can get buy orders out of that,
and that's going to cause price to move higher. And more often than not, we see these imbalances,
get filled in order to balance out price action. And I'm going to show you guys how you guys can
identify order flow, and how you guys can identify which fair value gaps are going to get filled,
and which ones are going to be filled more likely than others on the chart, okay? So I'm going to
be explaining that later in the video, so make sure you guys stay along for this. Next one,
we are going to be identifying a bearish fair value gap. Bullish means up, bearish means down
for all the noobs, okay? So bearish fair value gap. We have, boom. And also keep in
mind, these three candlestick patterns, the first candle and the third candle, it does not matter
the color of them. We don't see color. We don't care if the candle is red, green, black,
fucking Indian, okay? It doesn't matter. It really doesn't matter the colors of these candlesticks.
The only color that matters, the only discrimination that we do is on the middle one,
okay? So this one can be an Indian candlestick. It doesn't matter.
It can be up, down, all around, okay? As long as this one is going down, and as long as we make a gap
within, this is for bearish, the bottom wick of the first candle and the top wick of the third
candle, then what do we know about this price range right here? It's imbalanced. Why? Because
there's a lack of now buy orders within here. So if price wants to come in and fill in this price
range to balance out that price action, to come in and fill in this price range, then it's going to
come into the imbalanced price action where there's a lack of buy orders, and then we see
sell orders come out of that. What is price more likely going to do? Probably going to continue
down from there, okay? So that is our three candlestick pattern, okay? We know that there's
a lack of sell orders within a bullish for value gap. We know that there's a lack of buy orders
within a bearish for value gap. Cool, cool, cool, cool, cool. Again, we don't care about the colors
of the first candlestick or the third candlestick. The only one that we care about is the middle
candlestick, whether it's going up or whether it's going down. Now, that's how we identify what a
what happens when we're trying to identify if there isn't a fair value gap. Well, it's super
simple. If the wicks of the first candlestick and the third candlestick overlap, then we know there's
not an imbalance there. So let's say this candlestick's got a huge wick up and this
candlestick's got a huge wick down. Is there an imbalance within here? No. Even though this
candlestick is freaking huge, there's no imbalance within here. Why? Because we know that sell orders
stopped all the way up here. Buy orders pushed it up, and then sell orders were able to come in
up here and push price down.
Same thing here. On this third candlestick, sell orders came down here. So these sell orders are
overlapping, and now there's not a imbalance and there's not a price range where there's a lack
of sell orders. So in turn, there's no imbalance. Same thing here on this bearish fair value gap.
If we have buy orders, sell orders push this down, buy orders buy it back up, buy orders push
price up. If we see something like this, there's no imbalance. There's no price range where there's
a lack of buy orders. So in turn, this is not a bearish fair value gap. If the wicks of the first
and the third candle are overlapping, there's no fair value gap. Just think of the name. It's a gap.
We can see the gap. Boom. It's right here. Gaping hole. We want to plunge it. Okay. So now that we
know how to identify fair value gaps, let's go ahead and look at them on the chart. This is
something that I need you guys to understand. Don't just watch up to this point in the video
and be like, boom, TJR taught me how to do a fair value gap. I'm going to place a buy every time it
comes into this fair value gap, and I'm going to be a quadrillionaire.
So Timmy, you're actually going to be retarded and homeless if you do that. Okay. We need to
use a lot more confluences combined with this in order to be good at trading. Okay. So this is
just one of the confluences and later down the line, maybe in like a week or so, I'm going to
make a full YouTube video going over my whole strategy on how I look to take trades. And it's
going to be like fucking three to four hours long going over all of this shit. But we need
to understand that we can't just be buying and selling every single time we come into a bullish
or bearish fair value gap. We need a lot more confluences with that. We need daily bias. We
need liquidity sweeps. We need inverse fair value gaps. We need break of structure. We need order
blocks, breaker blocks, all that good shit. Okay. But this is just one piece of the puzzle. So with
that being said, let's go ahead and identify it on the chart. Now, like I said, there's a whole
bunch of these things and they're all over the chart. So instantly we need to be like a fucking
tracker jacker. We need to be able to have aim bot. Okay. When I get on the chart instantly,
what am I seeing?
I'm seeing boom, bearish fair value gap, boom, bearish fair value gap. Okay. And then within
here, what do we have? Boom, bullish fair value gap. And then boom. Okay. This is something that
I need to explain to you. Let me get rid of all these other fair value gaps. Sorry,
I'm going a little bit too fast, but that just shows how good I am at trading. Okay.
Something I want you guys to understand. This is probably the best analogy that I have ever made
in trading ever. Fair value gaps are like dicks. Size does not matter.
We can have...
We can have the girthiest, longest, biggest fair value gap in the world and price will probably
want it. You know, at the end of the day, it's a big one. We probably want that one, right? It's
a big imbalance. We want it. But also a little guy, a two incher, even a micro peen, it can do
the job. As long as we get in there, we're making shit shake.
And we got to think from the woman's perspective, a penis is just one piece of the puzzle. A penis
is just one adaptation to the full romantic embodiment of a man. So we need to be thinking
about not just the penis, but we need to be thinking about what lies within the personality.
And that's the second piece of it. What lies...
within a fair value gap in imbalance what lies within a man personality so they're seeking
not penises they're seeking and yearning for human connection they're yearning for a personality that
they can bond with and it's the same thing with fair value gaps when we get onto the chart we
know that the chart it's not just seeking and looking for the biggest dick out there it's
looking for that imbalance that's all it wants it just wants a connection so if we see a little guy
versus a big guy we're not discriminating both of them can be filled they're both valid why
because it's what lies within it's that personality it's that imbalance size does not matter okay so
with that being said let's pull up this example here so let's look at this
this little guy right here this is an imbalance why you guys are probably saying tjr you you're so
dumb bro we want the big daddy we want we want drake this is drake okay we want drake well bro
what about little timmy what about tjr this little guy can do the trick too and we saw we can see he
did the trick this imbalance got filled and we saw a bullish arrest we saw a bullish reaction
off of it like then again drake comes and fuck like just leaves a gaping hole in that bitch but
okay wow we're getting off track here wait i'm getting distracted but you guys get the point
size doesn't matter if even if it's the littlest fair value gap it still matters okay so this is a
good example of a bullish fair value gap where is our three candlestick pattern we have our first
candlestick where's the top wick right here third candlestick move up again the color we don't see
color okay
the third candlestick wick is right here these two wicks don't overlap we leave a bullish fair
value gap right here price comes in fills the bullish fair value gap and then we get a bullish
reaction out of it obviously if we had went long off of this like drake's coming through and
swinging his shit on top of our forehead but again that's why we need several other confluences all
we want to do right now is just be to be able to identify them so again where's our fair value gap
first candle second candle third candle these wicks they don't overlap this is a bearish fair
value
gap first candle second candle third candle this third candle doesn't even have a wick but it's still
considered as a fair value gap boom first candle boom this is a bearish for value gap let's show
an example of what a fair value gap is not um okay let's see price right here we have first
candle second candle third candle what do we see the top wick of the first candle the bottom wick
of the third candle these two wicks are overlapping this is not a fair value gap okay it's pretty simple like
we literally just see the gaps on the chart and it's like bet fair value gap but is this a fair value
gap right here no these wicks they overlap first wick third wick overlaps this is this a fair
value gap right here no first wick third wick overlaps is this a fair value gap right here yes
first wick third wick doesn't overlap it's a fair value gap but as we can see without context
these things kind of fucking suck again getting dicked down okay we might have to move off from
this but last analogy
getting dicked down without any personality or human interaction you're pretty much just like
you're begging for an std you're begging for a stop loss okay and that's pretty much what you're
going to get if you're not seeking and understanding that there's more to an imbalance
all right so now that we identified how to identify fair value gaps it's pretty
simple we talked about how we can identify these let's talk about when we can use these and when
they are best used so if you guys have seen that my previous video you guys have seen that my previous video
on liquidity you guys are going to need to know what a liquidity sweep is so if you guys haven't
seen those videos i highly recommend after this video because i want to cover make sure you guys
aren't just jumping from idea to idea to go watch that so you guys can have this in your back pocket
so the first thing that we need to be able to identify and help us to be able to use fair value
gaps is understanding where the liquidity sweep is and where price is going okay i haven't really
made a full video on how to understand daily liquidity so i'm going to go ahead and get started
so if you guys have seen that and if you're not really sure where to go head on over to the
channel over on marketing and the online marketing app and head to victorreno.com and you can
actually find it there if you go to where i'm going to go head on over to victorreno.com
head on over to victorreno.com and you can see that we are in that spicy 20-25
and i'm not saying it's super easy but that's okay i'm not saying that it's extremely biased
i should and i will eventually there's a lot of trading videos that i need to make going into 2025
to bullish or bearish order flow the higher confluence in the more the more trust I have
in fair value gap so if we see a liquidity sweep and then boom we start forming bullish order flow
and like we're within the second like retracement that that's super solid like okay cool I'll be
looking for a fair value gap for price to fill and then boom we can take trades off of that
however if we're like all the way up here and it's like all right bro we've made one two three
four five six seven freaking retracements at this point we probably shouldn't be looking
to enter into longs there one because price is already overextended but also we've probably
already seeked out all of the other draws on liquidity that price was looking to take out
within that bullish order flow in the first place same thing with bearish order flow boom if we
sweep out liquidity the first the first retracement is always going to be ideal if we can find a fair
value gap within there especially if we break structure or get an inverse for value gap which
I'm going to show you in a second but I'm going to show you in a second but I'm going to show
you guys about a little bit later in this video if we can get a liquidity sweep break of structure
then get a fair value you have to get filled oh my like boom we're we're going absolutely berserk
okay and then we're looking to enter off of that and then second retracement awesome still
cranking cranking my shit okay third retracement okay maybe a slow stroke maybe a slow stroke if
we haven't taken out our full take profit yet maybe you know maybe we get a little bust but
you know we're not trying to go too crazy if we've already taken out our full take profit
there's no reason to even jerk our shit okay because full take profit has been hit our bias
has been completed for the day okay cool so now let's show this I know that sounded crazy but
let's show this as an example within market open and as you guys know most like my strategy is
is pretty pretty simple and if you guys want to learn how I actually put everything together and
if you guys want to get coached by me I have a full mentorship where I go over literally every
single confluence that I have ever talked about and shit that I haven't talked about on YouTube
talking about order flow talking about liquidity sweeps talking about daily buys talking about
fair value gaps talking about inverse fair value gaps talking about breaker block equilibrium order
blocks all of that stuff and there's a link in the description for you guys to sign up to that
if you guys want to learn more from me be mentored by me for literally like get on coaching calls
with me and for me to be able to actually walk you step by step through this stuff unfortunately
on YouTube videos I can just get a brief little understanding of what you guys may need but within
the mentorship it's like you guys can literally just get a little understanding of what you guys
may need but within the mentorship it's like you guys can literally just get a little understanding of what you guys
can literally tell me like help I don't understand this and then I can come in and I can fix it
straight away so if you guys want to sign up to that or have the potential because this is an
application process okay not everybody's going to be allowed to get in because we only want to take
real people that are actually trying to do this there's going to be a link in the description so
let's go ahead and talk about how we can actually start applying this so let's go into yesterday's
price action wasn't the best let's look for
look at Thursday's price action see if Thursday had a good fair value gap set up so oh yes no
Thursday did have a perfect fair value gap set up so I'm not going to walk through like the full
strategy the main thing that we want to look for is fair value gaps here and then after this I'm
going to be talking about inverse fair value gaps so to keep it short we're going to speed run
through the majority of my strategy okay market opens liquidity sweep following that break of
structure right here what do we see following the break of structure okay so we know
if we get a liquidity sweep to the upside we're going to be looking for shorts to the downside
and we get a break of structure so what like we got two of our steps in we see a liquidity sweep
and then a break of bullish order flow into bearish order flow so that's that should be
ringing in our heads like holy shit we should get ready to look for a dick holy shit we should
get ready to look for a dick ready we're looking for drake's shit on the chart okay because if we
see a liquidity sweep break of structure we're looking for dicks okay and what do we have boom
all over the chart we have one bearish for value gap here we have another bearish for value gap
here okay again we take it from the first wicks bottom candle down to the third wicks top candle
or sorry the first the first candles bottom wick to the third candles top wick when it's a bearish
for value gap okay then we have another one right here what do we see price do it comes in it fills
that imbalance and then we see selling pressure out of it and then what do we see price do boom
rumble to the downside and then price ends up going to seek out whatever a bunch of different
draws on liquidity like right here come on bro whatever my magnet's tweaking but price ends up
going all the way down to hit like literally a 1 to 2.8 risk reward ratio okay perfect example we
also have had a perfect example of that on thursday on es so let's talk about that one as well and
then we'll find a bullish example for fair value gifts as well so again similar situation market
sweep break of structure what are we doing we're looking for drake okay we have this small one
again the little ones matter too we have this small bearish for value gap right here then we
have this bearish for value gap right here what do we see price comes in fills the bearish for
value gap boom we get a little sell off okay short work and then what does price do it goes
seeks out draws on liquidity down here okay and again this is just talking
about fair value gaps there's a lot of other videos where i talk about how to set take profits
how to set stop losses and i also talk about that in the mentorship and obviously help you guys learn
how to put all of these pieces together but today we're just talking about fair value gaps but we
can see liquidity sweep break of structure this is the first retracement after we start forming
bearish order flow on that break of structure this is a retrace confluence okay what i like to call
fair value gaps are continuation confluences why because when we're within an uptrend what are we
looking for the trend to do it's looking to continue and how do we continue that
trend typically by filling in fair value gaps these are continuation confluences when price
retraces more often than not it's going to fill a fair value gap so these are continuation confluences
okay now let's find a bullish example let's see if we can uh go back and let's look at wednesday's
price action i think wednesday was pretty bad price action oh i think nasdaq had a good bullish
setup on tuesday if i remember correctly nasdaq nasdaq smoking on that gas pack oh wait no it
was order block okay let's look at monday see if monday had a good bullish example i want you guys
to be able to get to this level like you see how i'm literally able to just scroll to the days that
the shit happens on and i'm able to instantly identify whether we have an example of that or not
like i want you guys to be soon to be at that level this has got to be one hell yeah there is
one movie okay bullish example right here
look at this look at it it's literally perfect okay hopefully you guys already see this if you
guys don't it's okay daddy's going to hold your hand okay what do we see liquidity sweep okay
liquidity sweep break of structure then what are we looking for continuation confluence
where's our fair value gap oh my god for value gap boom gets filled
ball run bitches to the upside okay i literally took this trade on wednesday liquidity sweep
break of structure retrace into the fair value gap boom ripstick to the upside they're easily
going to be able to catch trades off of this i would go to nasdaq i know it was the same exact
setup let's try and find one more bullish setup let's see tuesday nope tuesday did not have
anything let's go to monday monday looks like there was high impact news yeah if we don't have
anything on here then i'll just go straight into inverse fair value yes okay so let's go to the
yeah not worth it okay cool but anyways you guys get how we're supposed to use these okay we're
looking for three candlestick pattern we're mainly going to be looking for liquidity sweep break of
structure following that fair value gap pull out the sniper take the fucking shot bull run bitches
or bear cycle bitches okay now let's talk about inverse fair value gaps so inverse fair value
gaps are different than fair value gaps because we're actually not really looking for these get
filled and they give us like a different perspective on where price is going to go and
what price is going to do so what i like to say is fair value gaps are continuation
continuation confluences inverse fair value gaps are confirmation confluences and are
equal
to break of structure okay so inverse fair value gaps in my eyes are equal to break of structure
now why is that so the first thing that we need to do to understand inverse for value gaps is
understand fair value gaps luckily we just talked about fair value gaps we fully understand these
now what do we know about fair value gaps well like i was saying they are continuation confluences
so when fair value gaps get filled and then price moves up because of them like that shows bullish
order flow being maintained and then the same thing to the downside it shows bearish
order flow being maintained but what happens if we disrespect a fair value gap okay what happens if
we inverse a fair value gap so let's say we have a move up right here move down we fill this fair
value gap and then we move up we come down we fill this fair value gap then we move up and then we
have another fair value gap right here but then uh-oh price closes underneath that fair value gap
right here well because we know fair value gaps are used to identify continuations in uptrends
and continuations in downtrends if we see this price range that is supposed to be respected
while within an uptrend get disrespected what can we start crafting in our heads what can we
start thinking about okay this uptrend might be over and more often than not we're going to be
over and more often than not it ends up being over and that's what actually ends up making a
inverse fair value gap so let's say we have a fair value gap right here and we are within an uptrend
and then price comes down and closes underneath this bullish fair value gap to me that is showing
that we are disrespecting the bullish order flow because if bullish order flow wanted to
be maintained it would have just filled this and continued higher but price didn't do that
so it's disrespecting bullish order flow so then once we see the inverse fair value
gap then what can we look in the other direction just like how we look for liquidity sweep
break of structure fair value gap now we can also look for liquidity sweep and or break up
structure or inverse fair value gap so inverse for value gaps are essentially equal to break
a structure and me personally i just use which whichever comes first so within this we have this
bullish or value gap that gets closed underneath so now i see it's getting closer and closer to the
I'd say, okay, we just broke structure to the downside.
Even if we don't close underneath the low,
if we inverse a fair value gap,
that's supposed to be respected to the upside.
I'm going to be looking for bearish fair value gaps now
to potentially get filled to continue the trend down
because we just disrespected bullish order flow.
That's why order flow is so important.
And I'll make a video on this later in the future,
but that explains inverse fair value gaps.
And I think the best way to show you guys this
is just to show it to you guys on the chart.
Okay, and there was a perfect example
that we went over on Thursday.
So let's go back to Thursday.
The setup is the exact same.
So we have a liquidity sweep.
And this is the power of fair value gaps
because they can go in either direction.
We have this bullish fair value gap right here.
Yeah, price comes in,
but we don't see any buy pressure out of it.
And then what happens?
This candlestick closes underneath it.
So that ends up inversing this fair value gap.
So that tells us bullish order flow
is now no longer being maintained.
So even if we didn't break structure here,
which we did,
even if we didn't break structure here,
if we just saw this fair value gap get disrespected,
I would be willing to start looking
for a bearish fair value gap to get filled
because I know that this fair value gap
should have gotten filled
and should have moved price higher.
What do we see?
Inverse fair value gap,
this new bearish fair value gap gets filled,
and then price ends up going lower.
Something that a lot of people like doing
is they like saying,
hey, inverse fair value gaps need to be filled.
Fuck no, they don't.
Inverse fair value gaps do not need to be filled at all.
Inverse fair value gaps are one thing.
They are not fair value gaps once they have been inverse
and once they have been disrespected.
How do we know a fair value gap has been disrespected
when we have a gap,
whether it's bullish or bearish,
and we close either above or below it?
So if this is a bullish fair value gap
and we see a candle that closes
underneath the bullish fair value gap,
that has then turned into an inverse fair value gap
and that bullish fair value gap has been disrespected.
Same thing to the downside.
If we see a bearish fair value gap,
right here,
and we see a candle close above it,
that bearish fair value gap has now been invalidated
and now that is an inverse fair value gap
that is telling us that,
hey, price will likely move higher from here.
Now, this is a little tip
that a lot of people get confused
when they're talking and learning about fair value gaps
and something that I feel like I should share with you guys.
Let me go to a different example here.
A lot of people ask,
hey, TJR,
when we have a bunch of fair value gaps
stacked on top of each other,
what do we do?
Well, first of all,
we want to be able
to identify all of them.
So, we have this fair value gap right here,
one,
and then we have another one right here.
And then let's say
we even form another one down here.
What happens if we inverse this fair value gap
but we have another one above it?
Will we be looking for,
boom, reversal from that?
No.
Within a stack of fair value gaps,
in order for me to classify it
as an inverse fair value gap,
so we have one,
two,
three,
one gap here,
another gap here,
all stacked up, right?
And I need to show you guys an example of this
where it doesn't apply,
but essentially we have one gap here
and then the very next three candle pattern,
another gap here.
For me to be able to say,
okay, price has inversed these gaps
and I'm looking to classify this as a break of structure
and I'm looking for price to move to the upside,
we have to understand if we close above this,
price still can be maintaining bullish order flow
because it could just fill this
and then move lower.
It could just be looking to fill this fair value gap
and then move lower, right?
So when I'm looking to look for an inverse fair value gap,
if there's multiple stacked on top of each other like this,
I need the top one or in the bullish scenario,
I need the bottom one to be inversed.
So let me find a bullish scenario of this example.
Same thing here.
So like, look,
we have this bearish fair value gap
just because we closed above it right here doesn't matter
because we have all of these fair value gaps
just stacked on top of each other,
on top of each other,
on top of each other.
And the only time that we end up getting
a real true inverse fair value gap
is when this very top one gets inverse
off this candlestick right here.
So yes, this one gets inverse.
Yes, this one gets inverse,
but since all of these are stacked up on top of each other
without a retrace in between,
that's a huge emphasis on that,
without a retrace in between,
we have to wait for this one, okay?
We have to wait for this one to get inverse.
And at that point,
we might as well just look for a break of structure
and we ended up breaking structure right here.
Okay, so let me find an example
of the bullish scenario of this.
Let's look for a bunch of bullish fair value gaps.
Okay, so this is a good example.
We have this bullish fair value gap right here.
We see that price closed underneath it,
but what was it trying to do?
Do we instantly want to look for shorts off of that?
No, because we have another bullish fair value gap
right here that price was actually looking to fill
before wanting to move higher.
So that's why we always need to be looking
at the last fair value gap within the stack.
And actually this one would be the last fair value gap
within the stack, okay?
Let me give you guys another example
and another tip that is super important
for fair value gaps.
I know this video is long, but it's super helpful.
Next thing that we need to know about fair value gaps, okay?
We need to know about balanced price action
and where price has been balanced
and understanding what fair value gaps
are going to get filled
versus which ones are not going to get filled
and which ones we can disregard.
This is super important.
So stick with me.
Whenever we are in an uptrend or a downtrend,
once we get a retrace and then let me just draw this out.
So if we're in an uptrend, right?
And we see price retrace into a fair value gap,
fill it and then move past this high.
We have balanced all price action from this low,
and under now.
All price action from this low and underneath
is fully balanced out.
So we do not care about a order block down here.
We do not care about a fair value gap down here.
We do not care about a breaker block down here
because price has already pushed past this high
and continued the uptrend.
Following that, when price comes down,
if we have a fair value gap right here and it gets filled,
and then we push past this high,
even if we have a fair value gap right here
that did not get filled,
because we pushed past this high
and continued the uptrend,
all price underneath this low has been balanced out.
So we no longer care about this fair value gap.
We no longer care about the other fair value gaps
that are down here.
We don't care about anything from price underneath this
within this uptrend because we pushed past this high
and we've continued the uptrend.
So if we push up and then we have a fair value gap here
and then a fair value gap here,
let's say we push down past this fair value gap
and then end up filling this fair value gap
and then pushing up past this high.
Now, even if we have a fair value gap here,
we don't care about it.
We only care about price from here and above now,
once we push past this high.
Same thing in a downtrend.
And I'm going to show you guys this on the chart
and you guys will understand it a little bit better.
Downtrend.
So let's say, boom, we break structure.
We fill a fair value gap right here.
Let's say we have another fair value gap up here,
but it doesn't matter.
This fair value gap gets filled.
We no longer care about this fair value gap
that didn't get filled.
Why? Because we took out this low and we're continuing the downtrend.
Okay, so we fill this fair value gap.
We push past this low.
We no longer care about anything,
any confluences above this high.
Price comes down.
Let's say there's a little fair value gap right here
and there's like three more fair value gaps all up here.
We fill this fair value gap
and then we push past this low.
We no longer care about any of these fair value gaps up here.
Why? Because we push past this low
and we continued the downtrend.
Okay, let me show you guys this on the chart now
so you guys can get a better picture and better idea of this.
Let me go to that.
What was it?
This one, yeah.
Okay, cool.
So I mean this, whatever,
but we can understand the point of this.
So again, we see the liquidity sweep.
We see the break of structure.
We have this fair value gap.
It gets filled.
And then after this fair value gap gets filled,
I know we can't see the high,
but on like the one minute we push past this high here.
Once this fair value gap gets filled, we no longer care.
We have this order block right here.
Even though it got filled, we don't care about it anymore.
We have this breaker block that got filled.
We don't care about it anymore.
Everything from this low and underneath,
we no longer care about those confluences.
Now this is like mainly applicable
for like a bunch of fair value gaps stacked
on top of each other.
So I just want to find a good example of that.
So I can show this well.
Let me use this stack of fair value gaps for an example.
So we have this fair value gap right here
and then this fair value gap right here.
So we have two fair value gaps stacked up
on top of each other.
Let's say price opens on Sunday and we come up,
we fill this imbalance,
and then we come down and we take out this low.
Now, even though there is this gap up here,
we no longer care about it.
Why?
Because we have continued the downtrend.
We have filled an imbalance and we have pushed past this low.
So now the only confluences that we're looking for,
if we see price retracing,
we should never be thinking,
okay, we're going to come up and fill this fair value gap.
No, fuck no.
We're going to be looking for confluences
within this leg down.
Why?
Because this leg down is the one that took out this low.
And now we're looking.
thinking because think about it think about how trends work they move up they fill a confluence
and then they move down and once they take out a low they're going to move up again and they never
push past these highs or else that will be a break of structure and then the then the trend will
change right so we're now only going to be looking for confluences within here whether there's like
multiple fair value gaps within here cool we see a fair value gap it gets filled then we push
underneath this low now we don't care about if there's a fair value gap up here there's an
order block breaker block we don't care about it because we filled this fair value gap and then we
took out this low and we continued the downtrend now this the reason why i brought this up is not
only for fair value gaps but also for inverse fair value gaps so if we come through we fill this fair
value gap this bearish for value gap and then we come down and we take out this low now we have
this bearish for value gap right here or let's just say we form a bearish for value gap right
here a bearish for value gap right here if we're looking for a bearish for value gap and we haven't
made a retrace
yet which fair value gap are we going to have to wait for in order for us to
inverse this downtrend or get an inverse fair value gap are we going to have to
wait for this one no now I know what you're probably saying I thought you
said if it's stacked up yes if it's stacked up within the same leg down so
when we get a retrace it pretty much resets the fair value gap cycle so we
come up we fill this fair value gap then we get a move down now we have two fair
value gaps so in order for me to see an inverse for value gap or for me to
inverse and look for a trend reversal I'm going to need to see this fair value
gap to get inversed why because we haven't made a retracement yet okay but
I don't need to wait for this one I just need to wait for the top one within this
leg down now let's say we come up we fill in this imbalance and then boom we
push past this leg and then we form another imbalance right here and
there's only one which fair value gap am I going to have to wait for for me to
see an inverse for value gap for me to want to look for longs or for me to want
to look for now a bullish fair value gap
to take longs to the upside am I going to have to wait for this one because it's
stacked up no why because we already filled a fair value gap and then moves
moved past a new low so now we already have a new leg down that we're
considering so if we inverse this I'm not going to have to wait for this fair
value yet to get inverse I'm not going to have to wait for this fair value gap
to get inverse why because price from this move up and then down everything
above this high has already been balanced out even though there's this
here we no longer care about it then from here even though we have this fair
value gap here everything from this high and above has been balanced out so we no
longer care about that but everything from this high and below hasn't been
balanced out yet so we do care about these fair value gaps so if we end up
inversing this then we do care about it and say okay order flow is probably going
to change to the upside then from there we can look for bullish fair value gaps to get
filled to then look for longs let me show you guys an example of this on the chart and again if this is
confusing I completely understand but I'm really trying to put this together for you guys we're
going like we're going really deep into this and hopefully this is starting to make sense for you
so let's show an example of let's show the inverse fair value gap example okay this is a perfect
example actually no it's not because the fair value gap wasn't filled okay this is like a semi
example but there's not an inverse for a value gap but if this makes sense to you guys so within
this five minute trend down we're in a downtrend right we end up taking out this low then we get a
guess we don't fill these fair value gaps but what do we end up doing even though we didn't fill these
fair value gaps these fair value gaps that are stacked on top of each other what do we end up
doing this was the new low that was formed we get a little retrace up and then boom we take out
this new low so now we don't care about these fair value gaps that are above this high why because
price already moved up and then took out this low continuing the downtrend so now even though
there's no confluences within here to be able to push price down further price from
this high and above we don't care about it we're not looking for price to retrace into these fair
value gaps then continue down why because we already retraced and then we already took out
this low showing that this downtrend should continue so when we get this break of structure
to the upside on this candlestick right here some people might be like well we still have this bearish
for a value gap we might be able to go lower no because we already broke structure to the upside
thing above this high we no longer care about why because it took out this low on the downtrend so
this inverse for value gap we or this for value gap we don't care about this for value gap we
don't care about we only care about the break of structure then literally oh it's right in front of
your faces we get a break of structure then what boom bullish for value gap right here sorry I'm
spazzing bullish for value gap right here it fills boom price bull run bitches it goes higher
yes are you seeing it now
hopefully you are let me let me find a better example of this um so we can try and put this
together I want to find a good example of like uh imbalances okay this is another good example
unfortunately there's no inverse for a value gap but look here okay so we're within an uptrend
this is out of like a random ass time okay so again we don't have all of our confluences we
don't have like liquidity sweet breaking structure whatever but I just want to show you guys this for
context we have a bullish for value gap right here we have a bullish for value gap right here price
comes down fills this bullish for value gap and then what does it do it continues the uptrend by
taking out this high so now we no longer care about this bullish for value gap why because
we already showed and confirmed that everything from this low and below we shouldn't care about
because it filled this fair value gap and then ended up continuing the trend by taking out this
high cool so when price ends up breaking five minute structure right here to the downside we
shouldn't be worried about this fair value gap right here
needing or getting filled to then move up higher why because we already established that this move
down and then up balance out price action from here and everything below it okay now obviously
we don't know the overall trend we don't know the overall bias so this is kind of taken out
of context but that's another good example I really want to find an example with an inverse for value
gap oh this is yes I finally found one okay so again this is at a random time it's during London
but this is like the one example that I was able to find so currently right here on the five minute
time frame we're within a downtrend right obviously we're going to want to wait for like liquidity
suite break structure and at the right time doing during New York session all of these things but
let's just use this example here so we know that price came up and it filled this fair value gap
and then moved down and took out this low and on top of that we also have fair value gaps right
so we know that price came up and then moved down and took out this low and on top of that we also have
a value gap and this fair value gap they haven't been filled yet but after we'll start it from all
the way up here we come down then we get a retracement up and we don't even fill this for
value gap why can we disregard it or when can we disregard it once we take out this low and
continue the downtrend once we take out this low we can say everything from this high and above we
don't care about those confluences anymore why because we continue the downtrend underneath this low
we now we know we can literally remove this for value gap we should never think about it again
literally never think about it again because it's only applicable within this downtrend in
this downtrend we showed that hey we balance out price action and now we're continuing it so we
shouldn't care about this it should no longer be marked out we can fully forget it then following
that on this leg down we have boom for valia here for value gap here we see price form a low
right here we push up we only fill this variety gap and then what happens we continue the downtrend
by taking out this low so what
we do we no longer care about this for value gap and we no longer care about any confluences from
this high and higher so we don't care about this for value gap we don't care about this for value
gap we don't care about any of those now what fair value gaps are we considering we're not even
considering this one anymore because it's been filled price action has been balanced because
we took out this low now we are going to see the power of an inverse for value gap that happens
before a break of structure finally i was able to find an example because we took out this low
we have this bearish imbalance we are expecting price to fill this bearish imbalance and then
move lower and we know that if price pushes past this bearish imbalance and disrespects it there's
no other confluences that we're looking to consider up here why because prior to that price
has already balanced out those legs why because it took out those lows so we don't care about this
fair value gap because price even if price is moving up it's not gonna it's not gonna do anything
off
of that it's going to be off of a different confluence on a different time frame we don't
care about that anymore so once we see this candle disrespect this fair value gap awesome
that's when we could say boom the trend has changed we're going to end up moving higher
now obviously and unfortunately in this example this is at a random ass time during like going
into london session coming into new york session so price is going to be moving weird but using
this at the right time and in the right right place is just it it works like a freaking charm
let's see here i think this might actually be a good example too okay this is perfect
this is another example within this leg up what are we in we're in an uptrend and since we know
we've retraced down and then we took out this high we can disregard every single confluence
that's under this low right luckily there's there's not really any confluences underneath
this low but we're only considering the fair value gaps within this extension up now or the
confluence is within this extension up so what do we have we have a fair value gap right here
and then we also have a fair value gap right here
the tiniest one but again size doesn't matter on this down candle right here we end up breaking
structure two but just for example purposes this down candle right here what do we get we inverse
both these fair value gaps so boom we know that we should be looking for shorts now then following
that what does price do it comes up and it fills in this bearish for value gap and then ends up
continuing lower boom price ends up rumbling on down taking out this draw on liquidity so to recap
fair value gaps are imbalanced
to the price action that are used as continuation confluences within uptrends and downtrends
inverse fair value gaps are used as confirmation confluences that we are confirming that price is
disrespecting current order flow and will more than likely reverse the current trend that we
are in and again there's a reason why it's fair value gaps and inverse for value for value gaps
are showing us that hey we are continuing the trend inverse fair value gaps are showing us that
we are going against the trend. Okay. And we're probably going to reverse. Hopefully you guys
learned a lot from this video. Hopefully you guys can take this and apply this within your
own trading. I know this was a long video, but Hey man, I had to get all this shit off my chest.
Hopefully you guys learned more about order flow. Hopefully you guys learn more about fair value
gaps and inverse for value gaps, when to use them, when to not use them, which ones you guys can
learn to identify and which ones not to. I appreciate you guys. I'll catch you guys in the
next one. Peace out.


==============================
VIDEO 010 — Five A+ iFVG Setups with Full Explanation--xLZ2ekyja4
==============================

What is going on ladies and gentlemen in this video I'm going to be going over five
A plus IPG setups with a full explanation. If you want to learn more then I'd probably watch
this whole video because it's going to be highly highly educational. Don't forget to use code
dodgy for an Apex account if you want to practice taking these types of setups and without further
ado let's begin. To start off if you don't know how my IPG setups work the link in description
is a free link to a completely free pdf which will show you all the readings and how I usually
rate the setups. It basically looks something along the lines of this and it'll give you access
to every single setup that I look for and it will just make you a better trader in general if you
study it so I suggest definitely downloading this. Anyways just a little recap what I look for in
every single A plus setup is I always look for a higher time frame fair value gap to the left
or it could be in the same time frame okay and I'll explain that in a second and I'm looking
for some sort of liquidity sweep into that fair value gap and then an inverse out of it okay so
I'm looking for a higher time frame fair value gap to the left and I'm looking for a higher
time frame fair value gap to the left and I'm looking for some sort of liquidity sweep into that
I'm looking for an inversion fair value gap here I'm looking for a sweep of some sort of low here
and I'm looking for a fair value gap to the left it can be in the higher time frame like the 50
minute or it could be a one minute inverse off of a one minute for a rally gap so let's just get
into the examples first example is actually a trade that was ended up being a break-even
trade it did not hit full tp but it's still a really good setup so we had our you know we had
our sweep of a bunch of these lows here and we had our sweep of a bunch of these lows here and
if you look to the left on the three minute and on the five minute we swept into a five minute
fair value gap as well as sweeping this low right here and the other thing I like about it is it's
in discount okay so discount just basically means we're pretty low in the range right if I
were to draw a box you know and map out this range we're below fifty percent of this box okay
so we're below fifty percent of the box that's when you want to buy and we have a singular fair
rally gap right here that was broken with decent momentum okay you can see was you know close above
here so this is where you take the entry now my stop loss is typically a close below the
fair value gap in this case actually put a hard stop underneath this order block which is a whole
another concept but this is the type I take it this is the type of trade I take now in this
situation here I actually call this on my live stream okay and I end up scaling half here for
one hour because this was a fifty percent
level and I knew if I was wrong we'd reject it now if that's a lot more advanced but it's something
to think about for the future so it ended up being a scale half slash break-even trade basically but
the reason why this was an a-plus setup was because you can clearly see that we swept this
liquidity point the discount and we got a singular v-shaped back up okay and this is the type of
trade where you know if there's a unbalanced fair value gap above you know I'm gonna scale
some if not I'm just gonna try to go for here you know but it just depends
let's just get into this I got an example cuz I'm sure some of you guys are probably so confused so
the second example is on my chart right now we'll see if you guys can notice it before I say anything
but it is this one right here okay and this is an a-plus setup because you know one we're not at
low a day you know we're generally above that fifty percent of you know kind of where we started
okay now where we at like where we physically above the fifty percent for this one no like
we weren't but here's the thing for this leg alone do you see how you know we have all this
engineer liquidity here right so we know the bias is bearish which is why narrative is key for this
we have this LLR and we retrace to the fifty percent of this leg so like this I still count
this is okay this is not this is on premium you know because it made sense to go down here now
you can see why is it a plus well we're in premium we delivered from this for a really get up to the
left right here and at the same time we swept this high so we swept the high inside for a rally gap
got barely any displacement above it and then you can come down come down and then here's the close
blow so here would be the entry okay and again this is a one setter for life I make videos on
this all the time so if you're interested in learning more about this just type in one set
for life but there's more to this set up obviously but the general idea is this is a plus because we
swept the high came through for every I got closed below
it and we were delivering from a fair value gap okay so that's going to be example number two
example number three is very very good one okay you can see that this is actually not a singular
for a value gap but like subjectively it still is okay so if I ever see like a fair value gap
like kind of a little combined I kind of just combine it into one and if the candle closes
over all three that still counts as a setup in this case we had a manipulation like here there
was a fair value gap way
to the left here I'm not going to show you it but there's way like I'm the higher time frame hourly
there was a favorite way over here okay so we tapped in their higher time frame PD array okay
and then we just got a very very big candle over this which would be an a-plus setup because we are
in discount we're at lower day V shape above swept liquidity in delivery out of the feria gap and then
for this one I mean this is generally like an okay Target I guess right there you could target higher
but it's up to you
like targeting because one it's 2r and two there's a fair value up here and we don't really
know if it's going to break i think it ended up yeah so it ended up breaking but um it doesn't
really matter targets are a little more subjective all i care about is you understand you know why
this is a plus swap the low low day delivery from a higher time frame fair value up to the left
and we're in discount okay and then there's obviously you know good target above so that
would be the third example example number four same concept okay in this concept it's actually
not singular we have two here okay but i kind of combine them and you can see the a plus setup
would be here okay and stop loss would be closed below now this one is not super high rr and you
know it's negative rr to the internal high which is probably where i would have scaled but it's
the concept that counts because you know this wick could be you know here you know it could
have been there maybe okay so
you
you got to you got to look at this with a grain of salt knowing that this could be different any
situation okay but this was a plus because again we swept liquidity here okay we swept this low
and we're delivering from a gap in discount right we're coming close to low a day we're not at low
a day but we're very close we're very bottomed out here we're sweeping a low inside this for
valley gap okay and then we obviously have high momentum back above okay so this would be another
a plus setup because of the sweep and to
deliver a low and we're delivering from a gap in discount right we're coming close to low a day
that's our cap that blackjack card and we're coming close to low
and last but not least this is gonna be a 15 minute time frame but again same concept apply to every time frame have a fifteen and verse here
k
here's the entry and this is a plus as well because look how lower coming
down were at like a com according to this range k corners arrange work very
lis range right
so this is a plus because we swept all these lows right we loved all these
lows specifically
specifically i mean i guess we've marked this one in hindsight okay um but what's what matters here
is these lows are stacked so we sweep all these stacked lows and if you go on the you know hourly
time frame here we were delivering from an hourly for value gap and i actually call this full move
before we even got the ipg okay just because you know i have other knowledge okay which obviously
i talked about this other knowledge in my live streams but that's paid and this is a free video
okay but anyways this is an hourly gap and we're delivering from this hourly gap
so i know this is going to be a plus because we're sweeping liquidity into a low at the lows
inside this real gap now what would make this only an a setup what would make this an a setup like
was would be if you know you took this one because this is almost like the second entry
right and it's a little higher so this would be the a setup but this would be the a plus because
this is the lowest entry you can get and it's at the lower day after like right after we see
the product in the window it's a little higher so it's a little lower but we're still at the low
but quitting dealer from a fair value gap. Okay. Now this definitely isn't easy. And you know,
one of my mentorship students, her name's Eliana. She just got a payout for the first time,
right when she was about to leave my mentorship. Okay. Now I accepted Eliana to my mentorship
because she was having more emotional issues than, you know, kind of understanding the strategy.
So I kind of wanted to help her that because she was really good at the strategy. Okay. And I
accepted her knowing I could definitely help her psychology and, you know, show her that she can
definitely, you know, make money if she understood the strategy properly, what she did. And you can
see here, here's just a payout. She actually ended up getting a second payout, which I'll
show you in a second. But again, Eliana was one of my students in mentorship, which it's very,
very closed off. Okay. I have rejected a lot of people. I did just accept a few more. Okay. But
Eliana,
Eliana is one of the guys, person, people in my mentorship who, you know, I sent them or I sent
her this, you know, guide. Okay. And I've helped her. I've been in calls with her, you know, I've
done her journal review and she's taking setups like this. Whereas before she would take setups
like this, but this setup right here is going to fail much more than a setup like this. Okay.
And you can see that she also got a second payout right here. As you can see,
one of my mentors, Eliana is one of the guys, person, people in my mentorship who, you know,
$1,200. And it might not seem a lot to you, but now she's a skill to make money just because she
understands like the difference between A plus and A setups. And again, I've reviewed all of her
trades. I go over her trades a lot of time. You know, I do these weekly classes with her and stuff
and, you know, other mentorships units. So if you guys are interested in joining, you know, I'm
not, there's like a 50% chance I don't accept you, but I'm going to try to change your guys'
life. Hopefully I change Eliana's because now she's a skill to make money. But if you guys
are interested, just book a call.
With one of my, you know, my buddy's going to, you know, be in the call with you. So book a call.
And if you do get accepted, you'll get access to my number. You'll get access to the weekly
journal reviews where I'm going to, you know, individually view your trades just so you can
get a payout just as Eliana did. Okay. So check that out. But yeah, that's pretty much going to
be it for the end of the video. And, you know, I hope to see you guys in the next one. Don't
forget to use code dodgy and I'll see y'all later. Peace.


==============================
VIDEO 011 — How I Made $400,000 Day Trading in 13 minutes (Copy me)-BvSC5htaRUw
==============================

So let's get right into it. So GBPCHF, I actually ended up taking the same position
two different times. This first position here, I actually ended up getting closed out at break
even when price came back. As you guys can see on this screenshot right here, it's the first
GBPCHF trades where I basically made $10,000. Yes, $10,000 in profit is my break even because
of the fees that I have to pay. And then after the trade came back and took me out of break even,
I then took basically the exact same trade once again, where I did end up closing this one
for the $415,000 in profit. But I made this analysis based off of the weekly timeframe
because when this market had hit the bottom of this low, all I simply did was look left. I'm
like, okay, what is the market doing every single time it hits this low? Let me see as far back as
I possibly can. And I can see that the market has never made it this low before. It has never
broken below this low from September, 2022.
Every single time we hit this low, we have a major reaction to the upside. Every single time
we hit this low, we have a reaction. Every single time we hit this low, reaction, low reaction. And
we're at the low again, what can we anticipate? A simple reaction. It is just logic. This is just
basic analysis. Every single time we hit the lowest point in the market, we're destined to
bounce back. So then here I go down to the daily timeframe and on the daily timeframe, I start
seeing reversal patterns. This right here, I'm going to go down to the daily timeframe and on the
daily timeframe, I'm going to go down to this up.
But honestly, instead of being a pointing-to, or going on a jumpingboard, weird part is thinking
or staying on that position. This starts me thinking, well, I'm going to velocity
thinking like, why am I even buying this stock? It's not working well. It so
often appears that it should but it went down and played this strong trading angle.
âu
go down but if we're at the lowest point you've ever been you can't sell to the bottom you're
basically already at the lowest point it's not a logical trade you expect from the lowest point
for you to have a bounce it's almost like if you wanted to jump into a pool with no water you're
not gonna go anywhere just gonna hit the floor it doesn't make sense to jump into the pool it does
not make sense to sell if we're at the lowest point the market is destined to have a retracement to
then maybe break the back to this area so after seeing a beautiful morning star formation i then
go down to the four hour time frame and on the four hour i see that the market has then had a
potential higher level being created this is basically the only strong level of support
or resistance that we have on the lower time frame so it's not a very strong level of support
or resistance because one it's on the four hour and it doesn't really have a lot of rejections
unless i go really really really far back left and we can tell that the market has done the
best in the past whenever we have hit a low the market has broken above this area retested and
then head to the upside i am no rocket scientist i am no genius all i simply did is repeat the exact
same pattern the exact same line when we did this back in 2022 all the market did was break
and retest and here we're doing the exact same thing another break and retest it's literally
doing the exact same pattern as it did in 2022. i'm not even applying
my strategy at this point all i'm doing is just making the trade make sense does it make more
sense to buy or does it make more sense to sell based off of what the market is showing now that
the market is showing me that it makes more sense to buy now is when i start implementing
my strategy especially since it's a counter trend trade i want to have as many conferences
in my favor as i can one of the conferences in my strategy is this morning star formation right here
as a continuation pattern from where we are and i might
just look all the way to the left back when we had created this same exact pattern right here
i can tell that the market what it did is it broke above this area and it created the exact
same morning star formation after breaking retesting this line of 1.07182 so if i just
go back to current price where we are right now we can see that we have broken above 1.07182
with the exact same formation so now i understand that this is literally creating the
exact same pattern then here i go down to the one hour time frame on the one hour time frame i can
tell that we are currently bullish so part of my strategy is that i need at least two time frames
in sync in order for us to enter a trade and here we happen to have the one hour it's bullish this
is the higher low this is the higher high we have a retracement to this very well respected
one hour four hour area of interest very clean level of support on above
very clean level of resistance went below and then here we get a confirmation that we have
from this area then i go down to the 30 minute time frame and on the 30 minute time frame
you can tell that we have created a very strong double bottom we have rejected this area of
interest broken above the high and then on these retracements i entered at the doji here
anticipating exactly what has happened which is another morning star formation now what happened
with this first position is that i believed that this trade well first of all i actually had my
profit was around here but then i believe that this market was going to continue heading to the
upside we had broken above the structure point i anticipated a retest and then i was anticipating
for this to continue to this next structure point so what did i do all i did was put my stop-loss
to break even and i continued to set and forget this position my slogan is set and
forget hold the trade until it hits the highest point or lowest point that it possibly can
because if it broke through this high it should retest it
and then it should have a continuation push to here.
So up around this area,
I was probably floating in profit $380,000 to $420,000.
And this had a very clean opportunity
to make it up to a one to four risk reward,
which would have made me eight to $900,000
without me having to add any extra risk.
A lot of traders think that in order for you
to make more money in the markets,
you need to add more trades and risk more money.
That's not entirely the case.
I would have made double the amount of profit
that I was going to make by simply doing nothing,
just letting the trade continue moving
how it's supposed to be moving.
And I'm all for that,
making more profits without adding any more risk.
And this gave me all the indications that I would need
in order for me to let a position run like this.
Obviously came back, took me out of break even.
I did not get mad.
I did not get emotional.
It was a decision at the moment that made sense.
I was making more money
without risking more money.
It didn't cost me anything.
So I said, let's hold it.
Price came back, took us out of break even.
I said, okay, you know what?
If I get another morning star formation,
exactly how we did before,
I'm simply going to enter the exact same trade.
That's exactly what it did.
Market here gave me another morning star formation,
if anything, confirming that now we're going to continue
heading to the upside because on a daily timeframe
at that moment, we had had a ginormous bullish candlestick
create a beautiful wick fill.
So I anticipated the next daily candlestick
to be a retracement for the next daily candlestick
to be the continuation.
So on the four hour timeframe,
I see the morning star formation that I anticipated
to the lower timeframe for me to get a beautiful retracement
and a retest of the previous structure point.
So then here is where I can see that this market was going
bearish, lower, low, lower, high, lower, low,
lower, high, lower, low.
We shifted bullish, retested this structure point right here.
Very minor area of interest.
And then.
We have our EMA along with our tweezer bottoms,
beautiful Andrew signal.
And then we had a beautiful one to two restore award.
If you notice it is the exact same trade that I had just taken,
but there is a one difference in between this position and this position.
And that is that this position I wanted to continue to hold,
but I did not because we were approaching the weekend and I tend to not like
to hold trades over the weekend unless I'm very, very, very, very much in
profit and very far from my entry point.
I saw my entry point here very close.
So I decided to close this trade at around $415,000 in profit, which is where I could
have closed this exact same position at, and I could have re-entered it and I would
have made a total of $800,000 by taking the exact same trade two times.
I'm not doing anything different other than just taking the exact same trade.
And the crazy part of it is that my original take profit for this high right here,
it actually did get hit.
But if I would have continued to hold this position throughout the weekend,
the market would have came back, took me out of break even on the exact same trade for a second
time, and then it would have actually gone straight to my take profit.
So I am very glad that I stuck to my plan and that I closed the position on Friday before the
market closed. And then the following week, I was looking for entries around this area here,
didn't manage to get the ones that I exactly wanted.
So I did miss overall the trade that I wanted to take.
But the beauty of it is that I
analyzed the market to perfection.
I anticipated this whole entire weekly reaction based off of simply just looking to the left and
identifying a very strong level of support and resistance.
And whenever the market approaches it, it is very well respected.
Whenever we're above it, we head up.
All we got to do is look for reasons on why it's going to head up.
So on this market, not only did I once get taken out of break even and missed out on $400,000, but then I
again missed out on an extra $400,000.
Buy.
I'm not holding or finding an opportunity to answer, even though I was right about the direction.
Does it suck being right about a trade and not being able to capitalize off of that opportunity?
Yes.
You know what else sucks is not taking a trade that follows your trading plan.
And then you make a mistake and then you lose money.
I don't mind missing out on a profitable trade or making money on an opportunity that did not meet my
trading plan.
But I do mind breaking my trading plan and losing if I do not break my trading plan and I lose
I'm okay with that, but if I break it and I lose, I'm responsible and I want to explain to you why this is a very high risk trade.
So we understand that out of the markets in order for us to enter it, you have to identify if it's going up or if the market is going down.
We understand that in order for the market to go up, we need a retracement for it to continue to go up and we understand for a market to go down, we need a retracement for it to continue to go down.
So the way I saw this market is that we're at a very high risk trade.
We're at a very strong low, if not one of the lowest lows we've ever been, as you can tell by looking to the left, I anticipate that we should continue to follow the trend.
We should continue to head down, but we can't do that without a retracement.
So I anticipated for this market to create this retracement somewhere up into here, and then it can potentially continue going to the downside.
So IES indeed did take a high risk trade because I was trading this retracement.
I was trading the pullback for the lower high to then create the new lower low.
This is considered a high risk trade because I'm trading against the trend.
I'm not trading with the trend.
Trading with the trend would be looking for opportunities to sell, would be waiting for that retracement to then enter the market to the downside.
Buying is basically like if I was catching a falling knife, but if you see that the knife is right at the floor, I think it's good to catch.
And that's exactly what we did in this trade here.
And I don't recommend for you to catch falling knives.
I don't recommend for you to pick the bottoms of the markets, how I did in this case here.
This is something that I did.
Because it had many, many, many reasons for this trade to go to the upside.
This is purely based off of a almost once in a lifetime opportunity because we're approaching the lowest point that we have ever been at.
If the market was in the middle of a move like this and it was at a low point, I would not be taking this trade.
But since we have been at the lowest point the market has literally ever been, as you can see here, it just simply makes sense.
But in theory, you should never, ever take these types of trades.
They're very high risk.
I took it breaking my trading plan slightly.
But aside from that, everything else made sense.
This is the type of trade that you only take on an account that you don't want to risk the money you have made on taking proper trades.
Or you take this on a high risk account where you don't really care on the outcome and you're more testing these high risk trades and how you personally are going to react to that outcome of it, which is very important.
And this is just my first week getting out of my losing streak.
Simply one week has already engulfed.
50% of the losses that I lost in over a month.
Now, this is because I have proper risk management.
This is because I'm very patient and I'm taking the right trades.
I actually have a video for you guys that teaches you my strategy more in depth, which I'm going to leave it for you guys right here.
It's literally free.
This is my strategy completely from top to bottom to get a better understanding how you can properly analyze the markets exactly how I do.
And I'm not going to let any losing streak or any winning streak get the best of me because you're simply supposed to take trades when they make sense.
It doesn't matter.
If you won five times.
Times in a row or lose five times in a row, it's just simply probability and having a good strategy.
And that's what that video is about.
Hope you guys enjoyed this video.
Make sure you guys hit that like and subscribe button and I'll see you guys in the next one.


==============================
VIDEO 012 — How I Made $427,390 In One Day Trading FOMC!-egQLtQLmauk
==============================

Hey guys, this is how I made $427,000 day trading FOMC today.
Unfortunately, I wasn't able to record this on my computer while it was happening.
I did get a screen recording of me entering and exiting.
And on top of that, I showed my P&L from the day, the week, and the month per usual.
On my Instagram story for this trade, I'm going to try and send the screen recording
to my editor so he can go ahead and put those clips together of me entering and me exiting
on screen recording.
I was literally on a Zoom call while this was happening.
So I was using my PC for the Zoom and I was trading on my phone while this dude was yapping
to me about transfer price study for my other businesses.
So, but anyways.
I wanted to get into the thought process on this.
I know this seems a little bit ridiculous and you're probably saying,
why on earth were you trading news?
I'll tell you exactly why.
I've been talking about this for the past couple days now.
We had a big news event that was coming out today, FOMC.
We were expecting rate cuts for pretty much this entire, the past week and a half really.
We see that last week was very bullish.
The first half of this week.
Was very bullish and I, being the logical person that I'm in, I see how bullish we are
and I know that FOMC is coming up and I know that pretty much everyone and their mother
was predicting that we were going to get a rate cut of 25 bps.
Okay.
So with that in mind, everyone's buying the market up.
There's leverage longs going down.
People are going long on us equities and on crypto and of things of that nature.
Cool.
The market has already priced in that the interest rate cuts.
Okay.
So when we have a rumor like this, it is more often than not, you buy the rumor and you sell the news.
Not literally.
Well, I mean, for me, literally I sold the news, but it's what happens on the chart.
So we look at when the rumor started of rate cuts right around down here.
Boom.
Oh my gosh.
We're going to get rate cuts.
Bullish.
Bullish.
Bullish.
Bullish.
Bullish.
Bullish.
Bullish.
Interest rates are going to go down.
It's bullish for the markets.
Awesome.
Cool.
Everybody's buying it up.
And then when the news event actually comes out, what happens?
Price ends up dumping.
And it was super short term, but I was able to capitalize on this.
Why?
By using the same technical analysis that I use on a daily basis, just a little bit
more aggressive.
So we can see here that on the high timeframe, I marked out multiple sets of high timeframe
highs.
But it was essentially...
because I knew that this was going to be a very drastic news event, I marked out the top of all
of these low resistance highs. So we have low resistance high, like low resistance high right
here, low resistance high right here. On NASDAQ, I marked out the top of all of these low resistance
highs. We have low resistance high right here, low resistance high right here, and low resistance
high right here. Once I saw that the S&P 500 immediately came up and took out these low
resistance highs, and then the second that I saw this massive wick right here, I was like, okay,
this is a great sign. We took out high timeframe highs because again, when news data like this,
when super impactful or just big news data, and this was one of the most anticipated news data
drops of at least this year, not saying that it's going to be that drastic of a move, but there was
ridiculous amounts of people.
Making bets on it in prediction markets, understanding these things helped me make this
decision where one, there was a lot of people who were wanting to go long, who were super bullish
on this news event. Similar to when whatever, Elon Musk was going on SNL on when Doge was like
super close to a dollar. They were like, holy shit, we got to pump it up because once he gets
on SNL, he's going to talk about Dogecoin. And then what happened? He didn't talk about Dogecoin.
Buy the rumor, sell the news. It's the same shit with this. Okay. So the S&P 500 comes up and we
sweep out these highs. Okay. I was expecting there to be a bearish SMT from those highs, because
again, this is a super drastic news event. More often than not, news is going to boom, sweep out
a bunch of high timeframe liquidity in either direction. Okay. It could very well could have
shot down and then shot up. But again, I already made a prediction. In fact, I'll let you guys
listen to this.
TikTok that I made literally 15 minutes before market or before this news came out.
Everybody's super excited about FOMC today because we are expecting rate cuts. I personally think
that rate cuts have already been priced into the market and this is a buy the rumor, sell the news
event. And no, I don't mean literally, I mean figuratively where the rumor of rate cuts and
everybody anticipating rate cuts has caused price to move up drastically over the past week and a
half. And now we are probably going to get rate cuts.
Okay.
The next 30 minutes. And I think that there's going to be a very large wake up and then boom, we are going to fall down.
There has been a ridiculous amount of leverage long positions that have been placed not only in the futures market, but also in the crypto market that need to be liquidated.
So I think that this is going to be a sell the news event. And I also think that this is a pretty solid time for price to kickstart a little downtrend on the higher timeframes because we are due for one.
So yeah, that's just my two cents. That's what I think going into FOMC. We will see what happens.
Not only did I do that, I also made a tweet 15 minutes before FOMC that said market has already priced in the 25 bps rate cuts.
It will cause the market to dump.
If we cut rates by 50 bps, we will moonshot.
We shall see what happens.
Anyways, I was going off of what I had been saying throughout this entire week.
This was as expected.
This in my eyes was a surprise.
Solid trade.
I risked a good amount on this.
And in turn, I was able to make a very good amount on this back.
Take profits were very simple.
I went ahead and set take profit one underneath these hourly lows.
And then I went ahead and set take profit two underneath these relative equal lows right here.
These low resistance lows right here.
I also got out, as you guys can see, at damn near the perfect time.
Price went a little bit further down than I expected it to.
But I mean, shit bro, it's high impact news.
And on the S&P 500, we didn't get anywhere close to these lows that I had marked out on NASDAQ.
In turn, we're kind of making a bit of a bullish SMT right now.
But that's besides the point.
Yeah, that's how I traded today.
I'll go ahead and I'll try and stitch together the screen recording videos.
So you guys can go ahead and watch me execute in real time.
So that being said, appreciate y'all.
I mean, fuck you, bro.
I have wiggle room now for this week to trade more.
Thursday will probably trade well.
Friday will probably trade well.
I'm obviously going to reduce risk so I don't give back a whole bunch of this money to the market.
Overall, looking great on the month.
Overall, looking great on the week.
And today was a great day to be me.
So I'll go ahead and I'll stitch all these videos together.
And you guys can go ahead and see the entries and exits right now.


==============================
VIDEO 013 — How I Reprogrammed My Mind to Make $5,000 Everyday-8FO-Dal-L7U
==============================

I used to be the trader that would literally blow accounts like it was their full-time job.
I would be over-leveraging, over-trading, and over-thinking, and obviously that helped me stay
unprofitable, but I was able to transform myself and change the way that I think,
reprogram the way that I think, to now own a house in cash, own multiple cars,
have a separate place out of Miami, and it all was due to a mindset shift,
not by anything different on the charts, because my strategy was good,
the confluences that I was trading with were really good as well, and it's literally the same
exact strategy that I'm using to this day that I was using back when I was unprofitable.
The only thing that I had to change was the way that I thought. So today in this video,
I want to teach you guys how to reverse and reprogram your guys' psychology so that you
guys can hopefully break out of that unprofitability spell to eventually turn into a profitable day
trader. So with that being said, let's get into it. So when I first got into trading,
just like everybody else, I was just like, boom, this is going to make me rich in one week,
or it's going to make me rich in a week, or it's going to make me rich in a week,
or in two weeks. And in fact, I was like, I need this to make me rich in the next one week or two
weeks. And if you are in that position right now, and you're like, yeah, this is going to be it,
I'm going to learn the reprogramming, and then boom, it's going to happen. Bro, just literally
click off the video. Trading's not going to be for you, my guy. You might want to fill out a
McDonald's application, okay? All in all, just like any other unprofitable trader, we get into
this because we want to get rich quick. That's why the majority of us get into online money-making
businesses in the first place, or into these side hustles, because we're like, look at all
these people online that are making a shit ton of money. Look at TJR. He's making so much money
day trading. I'm going to be just like him tomorrow. Or look at this person. He's making
so much money dropshipping. I can't wait to be like him next month. And that's just not the case
with any form of success. It's going to take some time to be able to get there. And by putting
yourself in this headspace, you are automatically fucking up. You are literally putting yourself
at a disadvantage because you're putting a set time. If this doesn't work out in a week,
then I'm said and done, and I'll move on to the next thing, or this thing won't work. And it will
cause you to not get the results that you want, but it also doesn't give you enough time to get
the results that you want. And it also causes you to act in a certain way to not get the results
that you want. Your headspace is what causes you to act the way that you guys do. Your subconscious
is what causes you to act the way that you do. So in order for us to get the results that we want,
we need to reprogram our subconscious to be able to take actions in the way that we want.
To be able to reach our goals. And with that headspace of saying, I need to get rich today,
I need to get rich in a week, I need to get rich in a month without expanding our time horizons,
it will never lead to the results that we need or that we want. Once you guys fall into this trap,
you guys will probably start realizing that you guys are making the same mistakes over and over
and over again. Man, I keep over-trading. Man, I keep over-leveraging. Oh man, I was a little bit
too greedy within the market. You start noticing these mistakes occur over and over and over again.
But the worst part about it is that we keep repeating these mistakes over and over and over
again. And we need to do something about it. Why do we know the mistakes that we're making? We know
the mistakes that are holding us back from getting to our end goals. Why do we keep repeating them?
It's because our subconscious is programmed and thinking in a certain way to cause us to act in
that manner. And trust me, the reason why I know this, and a lot of you guys are like, man, that
sounds just like me. I keep making the same mistakes over and over and over again. I can't
stick to my strategy. I can't stick to my risk management plan. And that's what's causing me to
fuck up. I was there before. That was literally me when I was an unprofitable trader. I was like,
hey, if I just stuck to my strategy, if I just use good risk management, then I would probably
be a profitable trader. But for whatever reason, I couldn't help myself to stop over-trading,
to stop over-leveraging, to stop overthinking. There was something that I had to change. And
again, the real breakthrough didn't happen by me changing something in my strategy, because I
the real breakthrough didn't come through of me readjusting my risk management plan. I wasn't
even fucking following my risk management plan. And you aren't either. The biggest adjustment for
me was re-managing and rearranging how I thought about trading. And the first biggest thing that
helped me get to where I wanted to go with trading was just expanding my time horizon. The majority
of day traders that you guys see on YouTube or on TikTok or on social media that are finding success,
it's like you're automatically receiving a massive boost in your time horizon. You are
able to prove a huge difference with your time horizon. That's a big part of what
marketing is. You are the next milestone. So that would be seeing all those high leverage
skill to do something in your time horizon. Alright, so the next th fellow,
I'm going to do a quick study on this and Maybe you guys are aware of this. I think that several
things are important though. I'm not being too strict here, but I'm just saying I'm really
interested in the high leverage skill that you can learn so that you can receive high leverage and be a
the best rewards lie at the end of years and months of hard work to be able to get to that
point. So the first big thing that I had to change in my head was understanding that this isn't going
to happen in a week. This isn't going to happen in a month. And this might not happen in a year,
but I know that if I put my head down and be consistent at this skill, continuing trying to
grow on a daily basis, correct my mistakes, then over time I am bound to succeed. And I don't care
about what the timeline is because I know once I achieve this skill, as you guys have seen me do,
once I achieve this skill, it will endlessly reward me for the rest of my life. That is how
you guys need to be thinking about this. And at the end of the day, one year, two years worth of
sacrifice to be able to change your life forever is a tiny little blip on your massive timeline of
life. Imagine you guys put in a bunch of hard work for a year or two years straight, and then
that drastically alters literally the trajectory of your life forever.
Me personally, I'm risking and I'm putting my all into that year, into those two years. And I don't
give a fuck what happens. I don't give a fuck how hard it is because I know the end result that is
going to be waiting for me at the end of all that hard work. The second thing that I had to
reprogram in my head was treating trading like a business. How can I handle myself like a real
fucking businessman in trading? How can I treat myself like I'm already at those goals that I
dream and aspire to be? You guys always see me as a businessman. I'm not a businessman. I'm not a
trader. You guys always see me. You guys always see all these other profitable traders getting on
here talking about stick to your strategy, stick to your risk management plan. Yet you guys as
unprofitable traders seem to fail to do that over and over again. You guys are not acting and you
guys are not behaving like profitable traders. This is why manifestation works. When we say
I'm a profitable trader, I am making this much per month with day trading. I stick to my day
trading strategy. I stick to my risk management plan. By putting that in our subconscious,
we in turn will want to act that way. We need to reverse engineer this. This is a really good
role play for you guys to do. Sit yourself down and imagine yourself having achieved all of your
goals and all of your dreams, being a profitable trader, making X amount of money per month,
having whatever car, having whatever house. Put yourself in your dream life. That's right here.
You can see and you can understand that this is possible.
Now, let's think about what steps did he or she have to do to be able to get to this point.
We just go back down the steps of the timeline. They sure as hell didn't get there by over
leveraging. They sure as hell didn't get there by over trading. They sure as hell didn't get
there by overthinking. We need to reverse engineer this. Think about, okay, who do I want to be
and start acting like them? Because if we have this person as our goal, dream person,
life, and we can start acting as if we are this person at this end of your timeline,
then those actions are going to lead you to where your dreams are, to where your goals are.
And that was a big thing that I had to change in my head because I sat myself down one day
and I was like, man, I keep fucking up. And I watched a YouTube video and I'm like, man,
I want to figure this out. And then eventually it just fucking clicked in my head. I'm like,
wait, what if I just did what I was supposed to? I know that sounds stupid, but you just do what
you're supposed to and stop making the same mistakes over and over again. And that's a lot
easier said than done. And this leads me into the third step of discipline. No matter what
discipline is one of the most difficult skills to build because there's bad habits that traumatize
our lives every single day. And there's not a single person in this entire world that doesn't
not have a bad habit. There's not a single person. Everybody in the world has a bad habit or
multiple bad habits. It's up to us to try and break down those bad habits that are limiting
us to be able to complete those steps, to get to our dream goal, to become our dream person,
to have our dream life. We know the steps that we have to take in order to get there. We know
the timeline that it's going to take in order to get there. Matter of fact, we don't give a fuck
about the timeline that it's going to take in order to get there because we know that if we
follow those steps with discipline, with consistency, eventually, if we are acting
like this person over here as an unprofitable trader, if we act as a profitable trader,
what do you think eventually is going to happen as time goes on, as weeks and months and
potentially a year goes on? You're going to get closer and closer and closer and closer to that
profitable trader goal, dream life that you guys want. I know it sounds crazy, but when you sit
yourself down every day, knowing damn well that you are unprofitable, knowing that you're not
successful in the markets, imagine what that does for your trading. Imagine what that does for you.
So what I used to do when I was unprofitable, I would take a cold shower.
Again, you guys don't need to do this, but this is what worked for me. I would take a cold shower
and while the water's rushing over my head, I would say to myself over and over and over again,
I am a profitable trader. I stick to my trading plan. I stick to my risk management plan.
And I would say a bunch of other bullshit too that you guys can by all means do it. I would say
I own a Lambo. I'm investing in crypto. Just things that I wanted to happen in my life so I could
reprogram my subconscious so that when I did sit down at the charts, I had all these things just
ringing in my head. I was like, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this.
I am a profitable trader. I stick to my day trading strategy. I stick to my risk management
plan. I own a Lambo, whatever. I'm investing in crypto. All of these things are just going through
my head over and over and over again. Matter of fact, I completely forgot that I have this right
next to me. This is my old notebook. Look, I'll literally bring up what I would say. Bro, here we
go. Read daily. Read daily. I will be a millionaire. I will own a Lamborghini. I will take good trades.
I will see good setups. I will be patient. I will be patient. I will be patient. I had to write that
down three times because patience was one of my issues. I was saying I would only look at the
four hour, one hour daily timeframes to enter, blah, blah, blah. You guys get the point. I would
write these things down. On top of that, I would say these things so that it was so drilled in my
head that by the time I sat myself down to be able to trade, I wasn't saying I'm unprofitable
because that just is going to be ringing in your head. I'm sure it's ringing in your guys' head
like, man, I can't pass a funded account. I can't make money in the markets. Then you get onto the
markets and then guess what? You're going to act that way. You're going to act irresponsibly. You're
going to act like an unprofitable trader. Then where is that going to lead you on your timeline
to forever be stuck, to forever be an unprofitable trader because you're thinking in a unprofitable
trader's mindset versus if you can reprogram your mind and think, I am a profitable trader.
I am successful in trading. I follow my trading plan. I follow my risk management plan. Then you
wake up every single day.
You say those things over and over and over and over again. Then you be consistent with those
actions, with those steps, with that headspace. You are eventually going to take steps that lead
you to this goal. Believe it or not, you're eventually going to become this human that you
literally dreamed about. You're literally going to blink one day after time has passed of you just
doing this over and over and over again. You're going to wake up in your dream life. I'm telling
you guys this because the same shit happened to me where all of this just flew by, bro.
I remember exactly when.
I was unprofitable and I remember how hard it was for me to be able to try and
master these charts. But I think back to that and it feels like fucking yesterday that that
happened. I feel like I blinked my eyes and now I open them and I'm living this dream life that
I've always wanted for myself. The same thing can happen for you. Obviously, all of this sounds
great. For some of you guys, you guys are probably like, oh yeah, there's no way this actually is
going to apply to trading. Trading consists of a whole bunch of stuff and success consists of a
whole bunch of stuff.
And strategy, understanding how the market moves is just one small, minuscule piece of the puzzle
of you becoming a profitable trader. If I were to talk to my unprofitable self right now, which is
you guys, that's why I make these videos in the first place. And if I were to be able to tell him
one thing, you already know enough about strategy. You already know enough about confluences.
You already know enough about the charts and why they,
how they move in the way that they do. You need to step away from that and step into your own brain
and figure out why you are undisciplined, why you keep making the same mistakes over and over again.
Because at the end of the day, it's not your strategy that is causing you to lose money. It's
your bad habits that are causing you to lose money, causing you to blow funded accounts and stopping
you from reaching your dream goal. And that's exactly what I try and teach literally all of
my students.
I am making this YouTube video for you guys. The people that are within my blueprint program,
they not only learn strategy, but I alternate between trade recap calls, market recap calls,
but also psychological calls to help get these people and unprofitable traders over these road
blocks on their timeline to be able to get them to where they want to go. Because I know how
important it was within my journey where I knew so much about the charts. You guys already know
so much about the charts.
If you guys have gone through my free course, I'll leave a link in the description. If you guys have gone through the bootcamp on YouTube, if you guys have gone through that five and a half hour long video, you guys know a lot about why price moves the way that it does on the charts. You guys probably don't need to be drilling that more and more. What you guys do need to be drilling is your head, your mental, your psychology. That is what's holding you guys back. A lot of unprofitable traders, they get into the market and they just think strategy, strategy, strategy, strategy. That's going to be the key to my success.
Yes, it's a part of the key to success within trading, but it's not everything. And when you make it everything, you are holding yourself back because there's so many other things like discipline, psychology, consistency that are required to get you guys to this dream goal. And that's why with my blueprint students, I alternate between market recap because most of these guys, they know my strategy like the back of their fucking hand. Okay, we're in there going over their trades and I'm like, yup, you took the same trade as me. Yup, you took the same trade as me. Yup, you took the same trade as me. But
some of them, even though they're taking the same trades as me, even though they're using the same strategy as me because I give them full in-depth strategy and like breakdown using my confluences, teach them how to do that on their own. They're still unprofitable. Why? Because they're undisciplined, because they're not consistent, because they're over leveraging, because maybe they took the same trade as me as their first trade of the day, but then they got greedy and then they took two more and those two more trades set them back.
And caused them to blow a funded account, caused them to blow their live account, caused them to over risk, caused them to over leverage. And that's why I reinforce psychology so much within my program, which again, if you guys want to be one of my students, you guys can click the link down in the description. I could care less if you guys want to be my student or not, because this video is going to help you guys a lot regardless. But we need to be drilling not only strategy, but also psychology. Strategy is one of the easiest things. You learn it, you drill it during live market, but people don't know it.
You just completely neglect psychology and how they should be thinking about trading. And I'm telling you guys on a weekly basis, I get on zoom calls with my students and I break down how they should be thinking about the markets, different ways, different drills, different homework for them to sit down and reprogram their brains so that they can think about trading in the right way. And I want the same thing to be possible for you guys, whether it's watching this YouTube video right now, so you guys can get in the right headspace to be able to reprogram your brain, because I'm telling you guys right now, you guys probably already know strategy.
Like the back of your fucking hand, but you're missing out on psychology. And that's why I'm making this YouTube video. That's why my blueprint students go over psychology calls with me and other coaches on a weekly basis to reinforce that. And that's why you guys see so many fucking success stories on my Instagram story. I'm posting testimonials every single fucking day of people that are passing funded accounts that are making money on a consistent basis. And you're probably sitting there watching those thinking, why isn't that me? It's because we are doing work to be able to change these people's brains on YouTube. It's one thing for me to sit here and say, you guys need to
do it. And then it's just up to y'all. But for me and my students, I prioritize them over everything else. I make sure that they do that. We do drills within calls. I'm getting on a call once a week with them, giving them a speech like this, breaking down how they can think about trading in a different way so that they can get over those roadblocks that are causing them to stay far, far away from this dream life that they have in mind. And by doing that, it's going to remove those roadblocks to help them have a clear, narrow, straight path.
Towards profitability. So again, if you guys want to be one of my students, you guys can click the link down in the description. Those people are getting coached directly from me, getting talks like this to help them rearrange their psychology to be able to get to where they want to go. But also this YouTube video is great for you guys as well. But with YouTube, it's just like, I'm trying to tell you guys like, hey, please do it. And then it's up to you guys to do it. So there you have it. I love and appreciate y'all. Hopefully, please. I'm fucking begging you guys. Take action.
And do these things that I'm saying in this video. And if you guys completely neglect this video, I don't know what the fuck to tell you. Because trading is a lot more than just understanding where the chart wants to go. It's way more than understanding where the chart wants to go. I can know damn well where the chart wants to go. But if I'm over risking, over leveraging, over trading, overthinking, I'm not going to find success in the markets. And that's what I'll leave you guys with. I love and appreciate you guys. I'll catch you guys in the next one. Peace out.


==============================
VIDEO 014 — How I Would Trade Forex in 2025 (Step by Step to Build Wealth Fast)-ny7zRePso_U
==============================

Whoever told you that you can start trading forex with zero dollars is plain fucking lying to you.
It's like trying to get abs without going to the gym. It's like trying to get girls
without looking good. It is not happening. It is a lie. It is not real. So the real truth is that
you need at least a bare minimum of a hundred dollars. This is the lowest amount of the entry
barrier that should be even legal to enter trading into the markets. Anything below it's
not realistic because you need money to make money. And to even prove that concept, I personally,
about a year ago, I turned a hundred dollars into a million all documented live. So I am a living
proof that the bare minimum you need to start trading is a hundred dollars. So let me actually
explain to you how trading the markets work. There's a lot of people who are confused and they
don't have a clear understanding of what it is. Trading the markets is very simple. Markets are
either going to go up or they're going to go down. And us as traders,
we're simply going to bet that it's going to continue to go up or bet that it's going to
continue to go down. At no given point, are you actually buying currencies and exchanging them
for other? That doesn't exist. That is not how trading Forex or trading the foreign exchange
market works. You put money into an account and then you bet if a market goes up and then you bet
if a market goes up. If you win, you win off of somebody else's losses somewhere in the $6.3
trillion foreign exchange market. And if you lose, well,
you participate that loss to somebody else on the other side that is winning. Because if you're
betting that something's going to go up, somebody somewhere in the other side of the world is
betting that it's going to go down. So now that you understand basic foundation and how the markets
work and you understand that you need a bare minimum of a hundred dollars to start, there's
actually two ways on where you can take these hundred dollars because you need money to make
money. The first way you can implement these hundred dollars is by simply putting them into
a broker account. You get your leverage up to one to five hundred, one,
to one thousand, which basically essentially gives you more leverage on that hundred dollars,
which gives you buying power of 10, $1,000 and even more. And then there, you can just trade
your personal thousand dollars, or you can take those hundred dollars and go to whatever prop
firm in the industry that best suits your liking. And you can buy a challenge. You can buy a
challenge for a $5,000 challenge or a $10,000 challenge. Depends on what prop firm company is
out there. And with those same hundred dollars, you have equivalent to a $5,000 account that you
pass an evaluation process in order for you to get access to that account. If you fail their
evaluation process, you will then in turn lose your a hundred dollar initial investment, or you
can go to your personal account, which you can just deposit into an account and you have immediate
access to your hundred dollars with buying power of up to a thousand, even $10,000. Meaning you can
bet with these hundred dollars as if they were to be a thousand or as if they were to be $10,000.
That is if you were to up your leverage, which
obviously there is a double-edged sword on that. That means your hundred dollars is more exposed
and you're more prone to losing it a lot quicker. But if you're on the right side of the market,
then you will be able to reap the rewards of that risk. Where in turn, if you were to take those
hundred dollars into a prop firm account, you don't get immediate access into those $5,000
that you're buying on the challenge. You have the past evaluation process. You have to follow
the strict rules and then you get access to $5,000, but then you receive a profit split on both.
I have tried it myself. Personally, the prop firm route made me understand how to properly follow
my risk management rules, properly followed daily and total loss limit rules. And they made me
appreciate how to have large amounts of money, but where I actually became a very successful
trader and I actually grew my net worth. I made it a lot of money in trading is on my own personal
account simply because I have access to it right away and I'm able to make more money off of my
money. And I kind of.
Make my own rules since it's my money. I'm not using other people's money. So now that you've
taken your hundred dollars either to your broker or you've taken it to your prop firm of your
choice, the next step is you need to know the platforms to use inside of these markets for you
to actually determine if you want to enter a trade or not. And for me personally, I've educated on
many different industries and niches and trading specifically is one of those industries that has
an excess amount of tools, excess amounts of platforms that.
Not help you when it comes to making a decision. If this trade is going to go up or down,
there is endless websites on indicators and this websites on AI on recording on journaling.
There's just so many different platforms that are not necessary and will not help your trading at
all. And a lot of traders that are new into the journey get confused and think that the more
subscriptions they pay and the more websites and the more platforms and the more tools they use,
the more profit they're going to be. And that's not the case.
It's actually very simple.
The platforms that you need, all you have to do is just focus on these and focus on your strategy,
which is key, but later on that into the video. So the tools and platforms are you going to need?
The first one is broker prop firm of choice. That's where you're going to be depositing
and withdrawing your profits. The second one is going to be trading a plan where you can see
every single market globally. You can literally see from stocks, cryptos, currencies, indices,
you can see every single market in a detailed candlestick way and a line pattern way.
And basically any format that you would want to see the market trading view is going to display
that. And this is where you're going to spend 99% of your time on this platform, reading the markets,
determining if you want to enter a trade or a nap train view is the number one platform recognized
globally. The third platform that is needed, but not really, as you continue to go on through
your journey, that is going to be forex factory.com. Forex factory has a calendar,
which lets you know what low risk and high impact fundamentals are going to be coming right ahead.
This is so you can have an idea if you should be interested in entering a trade, if you should be
interested in exiting a trade early, or if you should just simply sit on your hands and wait to
see what's going to happen. Forex factory lets you know the difference between a high news event,
a low news event. So you don't have to go out there online and waste time reading articles,
just really get the same information.
And this is not an ad for any of these platforms. They're just the ones that I personally have been
using for the last seven years of my journey and have worked phenomenally. And I understand
you need a hundred bucks, need the platforms. Now, all you need is to be profitable and to
be profitable. This is what 99% of traders are simply not prepared for the journey ahead of them
because they don't understand what you need to do in order for you to become profitable. And for
you to become profitable, you have to do many things.
But these are the basis of becoming a profitable trader for you to actually make money with those
hundred bucks. And in order for you to be profitable, you need a trading strategy.
It is as simple as it is trading strategy, a trading plan, a list of confluences, whatever
you want to call it. You need to understand what you're looking at. When the market comes,
you cannot just go to the gym. And by looking at the weights expect to get fit,
it's not going to happen. You need to have a workout plan. You need to have a diet plan. You
need to count your macros. We need to make sure that you're actually doing something that works
well for you to be profitable and for you to actually make money. There's three key foundations
in order for you to know that you're having a profitable strategy. And without these three
key things, your strategy, your trading plan, your confluences are literally pointless.
The first one is going to be patterns. Your strategy needs to consist of some type of
patterns. Now I'm not talking about all of these crazy harmonic,
CD patterns, all of these crazy different tweezer patterns, hedge patterns. No,
I'm talking about something that has happened in the market structure in the past that has
shown this same exact thing over and over again, where we can anticipate it for the future.
A pattern is something that is tending to repeat itself. If your strategy constantly
is repeating itself, you're good. You have an edge. It should continue to happen again
in the future. The second thing that you're going to need, and it is extremely crucial,
is going to be risk management. If you do not have a profitable risk management strategy,
you can have the best strategy in the world with the most amount of patterns that repeat
themselves. But if your risk management is not on point, those times that you lose,
because you will lose in the markets, it is inevitable. We are any business in order for
you to get something in return. You have to put risk up and it's never going to be guaranteed.
And the risk management will define how good your strategy actually is, because you're going to have
a 50-50 strategy and your risk management will make you profitable. And these two tied together
leads me to the third one, which is even more important, that is going to be the mind,
your psychology. You can have the best strategy in the world. You can have the best risk management
strategy in the world. But if your mindset is not in a profitable trader mindset, you will
never make money in the markets because some traders just cannot accept losing. Some traders
cannot accept not doing anything. You need to understand.
That the markets aren't tradable. When you want the market to tradable, when they give you an
opportunity and some traders just cannot fathom to get their hands and for them to sit on their
hands. They constantly want to be clicking buttons. They want to feel like they're involved
into the market. That is one of the biggest issues across the board from beginner intermediate and
even experienced traders, just them constantly want to be involved. So you need to have the
right mindset for you to be able to control this strategy correctly. You have the best strategy in
the world. But if you don't have the.
Mind to execute it, you have nothing. And this takes me to step four, which is even more important
and is where I would say, arguably, I got a little bit of luck and that is going to be time.
You need to have time for this to play out. You need time in order for you to learn this.
You need to have time in order for you to practice it. And you need to give time. It's time and
damn thing. Because if you do not learn it,
practice it and then execute it over the course of three, four, five, six months,
then you're simply never going to give it enough time for it to work. Time is going to be your
best friend, but it's also going to be your worst enemy, your worst enemy, because you're not going
to want to learn this in the next two, three months. It's going to be your best friend when
you already understand it. And you can see these opportunities come to you. And then when the
trace start going into your profit, it's not going to be your best friend when you're two,
three days without taking a trade. And you feel like you've just been wasting time. Time is going
to be crucial across your whole entire journey. And when it comes to execute these trades,
time is in your favor and it's also against you. But the basis of time is going to be,
you need to give it time to learn, depending on how available you are. We need to dedicate at
least one to two hours every single day to it. When it comes to practicing it, you need to
dedicate at least one to two hours.
Every single day to practice it in the effective times, because if you're trading out of the
session, you're simply not doing anything. The best example that I want to give you is like,
oh, I'm only available to go work out at the gym at eight o'clock from eight to nine. And you go
to the gym and the gym is closed. You're not doing anything. You are making the time at the wrong
time. So you need to practice and execute this at the right time. And this is very crucial to
your journey, because if you're not
executing at the right time, you're not practicing it how it should be.
And that is all very important, but not as important as the time of you letting time do
its thing for you to go through the journey of a profitable trader. Journey of a profitable
trader is not like this. It is a journey. Journeys have ups and downs, and you're going
to see the beauty of that journey. You're going to look back at the mistakes you've done. You're
going to then look forward to the ups of the future, but all of this by simply giving everything
time. Everybody's timeline is different. For me, it took me two years to be profitable. I have
students that it takes them two months. Just depends on your availability and how much you
actually understand this. Everybody's time is different based off of your availability. It's
really out of this. And last and definitely not least, one of the most key principles that you
need in order for you to make it in trading, especially with just a hundred bucks is going
to be, you need a pair of balls without balls. You will not.
Succeed in this industry. You need balls to put some money up at risk. You need some balls to
handle some losses. You need some balls to hold some profits. You need balls for this point into
the end of your life. If you have a pair of balls, you will succeed in trading because a lot of
risk is associated with this. A lot of sleepless nights, a lot of rewards are read today. And if
you properly don't have your pair of balls placed, you're either going to continue to lose and quit
and you're going to get too excited. And then you're going to lose the focus that you have in
your journey. You do not have to be book smart. You do not have to have a degree. You do not have
to have a friend with you. You don't have to have a book that you read. Maybe a little bit of this,
but that's later into your journey. You don't need anything other than your willingness of
you showing up every single day. Even when things get tough, you don't need anything else other than
just you in front of your computer every single day until you put the time into understanding
this journey. Now, I'm not here to tell you that this is easy. It's not going to be really hard,
but everything that goes through a hard journey ends up having an amazing reward towards the end.
All it takes is for you to have some courage, for you to have a pair of balls and some time.
So if you're ready to take that chance, you want to make sure that you can do it properly.
You don't want to waste time on learning strategies that don't work on being part
of communities that aren't motivated and aren't effective. That's why my success rate is through
the roof with my students, where they're constantly making anywhere from $1,000 to $1,500 a week using
this set and forget strategy. Where I hop on calls with them every single Sunday, I share with them
my trade ideas, where I'm constantly inside of the community, either answering questions or
sharing new trade updates on personal trades that I'm taking for a reason to having results very
similar to mine's because we're literally trading the exact same markets. So if you want to be part
of a community that shares this exact strategy to the T so you can have results just like
me, just watch the link in the video below. It is literally a free video. You're going to understand
exactly what we are about and what this set and forget strategy is. With that being said, thank
you very much for being part of this video. Make sure to hit that like and subscribe button. See
you guys on the next one.


==============================
VIDEO 015 — How to Do Technical Analysis for Beginners in 2025 ｜ Forex Trading Course-lNPRb2GPOwI
==============================

Everything in your trading journey does not matter at all unless you know how to read
technical analysis correctly. If you don't, you simply will not make any money in your trading
career at all. Now, I know you've heard different forms. You can do market sentiment, you can do
news trading fundamentals, you can do bar count, all this different type of stuff. But honestly,
all that stuff is way too unpredictable. Technical analysis is actually the most predictable type of
trading simply because you are repeating what price has done to the left. Literally, all you
have to do is look to the left to know what the right is going to do. Patterns repeat themselves
every single day in the market and they will forever as long as the candlestick charts continue
to print out candlestick charts. Now, if you don't know technical analysis or you might want
a little bit of clarity on market structure, certain things about it, that's exactly what
this video is about. So make sure you watch the video all the way to the end because I'm going
to give you a full on video on how to properly read technical analysis and how I've been doing
it for the last about six and a half to seven years. So first things first on technical
analysis is going to be the actual candlestick chart. So this is where you're actually going
to be trading. So there's many different types of charts out there. There's the line chart,
there's bar charts, and then there is candlestick charts. Now, there's plenty of more charts,
but I simply have no idea what they are. And honestly, you do not need it to be successful.
All you need is to know candlestick technical analysis chart, which is what I'm going to
explain to you right now in this part right here. So coming over here to trading view,
this is what every single person first sees when they come into the market. This
is where you see all of these red lines going down, red lines going up, or boxes going down
and boxes going up. And at first initial sight, this might be very, very confusing and it might
be almost overwhelming because you don't know where you should be looking at. Should you be
looking at this point right here to get started off in? Should you be looking at this point right
here in order to get started off? There's so many different areas for you to actually be looking at
in this chart, but you don't know where should you be looking at in order to make
money in the market, right? Because the point of you coming into this and watching this video
and learning technical analysis is because you want to make money in the markets.
Well, this is what you need to mainly focus on, and that is these technical analysis patterns
on the candlestick chart. So this chart right here is a candlestick chart. As you can see right here,
these are different types of technical charts that you can analyze. You can have the bar chart.
You can have the
nine charts. You can also have the candlestick chart, which is the most famous one. And then
obviously you have all of these different types of charts, which I honestly have no idea how to read,
and I've never even attempted to. At the end of the day, all they do is simply represent price
on real time in front of your face in a different type of way. So they just represent the market
going up or they represent the market going down, all different types of format, but they're all
doing the same.
Speaker 1
exact thing at the end of the day that is representing price. So you want to make sure
that you read this technical analysis chart for what it is. And the easiest way to do that is on
the line chart. So we're going to be going into the candlestick chart a little bit later into the
video, but so you guys get the first initial thought, we're going to start off in the line
chart. So here in the line chart, it's very straightforward. You have steps going up,
which is technical analysis, bullish market, and then you have steps going down,
which is technical analysis, bearish market, bullish market.
Speaker 1
Our buys bearish market ourselves. And in this perfect example right here,
you can see how the market is having a bearish market to the downside. And then you can see
how in this example right here, you can have bullish markets to the upside. So both of these
are technical analysis charts. So you're analyzing the charts to determine whether the market is
going to be going up or whether the market is going to be going down. Very simple,
very self-explanatory. But when you get into the market and you see this ending point right here,
this is where the price is actually live right now. So this is currently Euro USD, which is the
most traded currency in the whole entire foreign exchange market, because it's the main currencies
that are traded, which is the US dollar and the Euro dollar. So obviously that makes this pair,
the most traded pair in all of the foreign exchange market. So this is where price is
currently right now. Price is currently trading at 1.08459, which is the last
point where it left off on market close on Friday. So what you want to determine based
off of this price is what can it do now? Can it go to the upside or can it go to the downside?
And this is where you would have to look at the technical analysis to determine if it's going to
go up or it's going to go down. What's going to make the most sense? Because at the end of the
day, it's going to go up or down. You just have to find an edge on where it makes most sense to
go up rather than down or go down rather than up. So you do this by reading the technical analysis.
First things that you would want to focus on is on the most recent price, which is going to be
this area right here. When you're analyzing technical analysis, a lot of traders get
confused and they want to start really far back over here, or they want to start off in the
middle, and you can do that just to kind of get into the flow of the market. But you want to make
sure you just focus on the last leg of that, because this is where it's going to determine
what the trade is going to do. Not what happened four months ago or almost a year
ago. That stuff is cool to know what it did back then, but if it's not relatively close to where
price is right now, then it simply doesn't matter. It's just taking away from your time and taking
you away from the focus of what actually matters into the chart. So this right here is just the
line chart. So this is just so you guys can see the steps going up and the steps going down.
But the proper way on how to actually look at this is on the candlestick chart,
which is going to be this section right here, which is called candlesticks.
So if you notice, if I go back and forth really fast from
the line chart to the candlestick, it is the exact same thing just being represented a different way.
And you now know to not be confused anymore because you now know these steps going down
instead of being drawn in a line, it's now being drawn in candlesticks because
at the end of the day, you trade candlesticks. You can't trade the line chart. It's just not
accurate. So this candlestick chart is what you are going to be looking at when analyzing your
technical analysis when you're already on step two. Step one is get the feel of the actual
line chart. Learn what the line chart is going to be doing, get the flow of it, understand it,
and then you move on to the candlestick chart. And the simplest analogy that I can put for this
is almost as if you're learning to ride a bike. When you're first riding a bike,
you have the training wheels. You just do that so you make sure that you don't fall to the side
and you get the hang of it. After you're done learning how to ride the bike, simply take off
the training wheels and you continue to ride the bike exactly how you're riding it. The only thing
that changes is you don't have the training wheels. So you still obviously have a risk falling,
but now you're experienced and that obviously won't happen.
So you're still riding the bike the same exact way. Nothing changes. The only thing is you have
the safety wheels off. Same thing here. You're analyzing the market exactly the same as you would
here, but now you're removing the safety of having the line chart and now you're focusing
on the candlestick chart, which is the real way on how you're going to be trading. And you take
off the safety wheels on the bike because that is the real way on how you're going to ride a bike.
So this candlestick chart is formed by different types of candlesticks. So every single candlestick
as of right now represents one single day because I am currently on the one day timeframe. So every
single candlestick is 24 hours. So this right here is a 24 hour candlestick. This right here is a 24
hour candlestick. Every single candlestick is a 24 hour period. And that is what this chart is
made up. If I simply change this timeframe from the daily to then the four hour. Now every single
candlestick is going to consist of four hours. That little candlestick is four hours and every
single one of these candlestick is four hours, including this big one right here, because this
is currently the four hour timeframe. And obviously I could go all the way down to the 30
minute and every single one of these candlesticks is a 30 minute timeframe. And this is the
simplicity of how you analyze with the candlesticks. Now, all we're doing when we're changing time
frames is we're essentially just.
Zooming in to price. So as you can see on the four hour, if I were to circle this one single
candlestick, this just looks like I'm just circling one single candlestick, which happens
every four hours because I'm on the four hour timeframe. But if we were to go down to, let's say
the 30 minute timeframe, as you can tell, I'm actually catching a lot more than just one single
candlestick. Why is that? Well, that is because all of these little 30 minute candlesticks,
because now we are on the 30 minute.
Speaker 1
Speaker 2
Speaker 3 timeframe creates this one four hour candlestick. So every single one of these 30
minute candlesticks are there their own situation and all of them together creates one four hour
candlestick. For example, in the two hour timeframe, if you notice these two candlesticks
right here, which is going to be these last two ones right here, creates the accumulative of
one candlestick because it is the four hour.
Candlestick. And obviously this obviously goes on to the daily and the weekly and so on and so
forth. If I were to put one big circle around this big candlestick, and then I go down to the four
hour, every single one of these candlesticks creates that daily candlestick. So a lot of people
don't understand how to flicker back and forth from the timeframes and how to actually determine
what these candlestick and technical analysis is doing. Our doing is looking at the same exact
market in just different types of ways. Speaker 1
We're looking at it in bigger variables or in smaller variables, but we're looking at the exact
same thing. Absolutely nothing changes. For example, you right now watching this video,
you can be watching this video on your phone, on your computer, on your tablet, on your TV,
or honestly on an Android. It doesn't matter. You're all looking at the same video just in
different types of ways. Some of you guys are looking at on a bigger screen. Some of you guys
are looking at on a smaller screen, but at the end of the day, it's doing the exact same thing.
Speaker 1 And that is representing this video,
showing you guys the number one technical analysis video, which I'm going to get later
into it. And if you're watching this on a laptop or on a phone or something,
hit the subscribe button. It's right here or right here. It doesn't matter. But the point
is that when you're looking at the market like this, you are literally looking at the same thing
in different formats as if you were to be seeing this video in the same way, but in different
formats. So now that we understand what the candlesticks are and how that consists of
technical analysis, because all of these candlesticks together creates the technical
analysis. Speaker 1
Well, these candlesticks together, we will not have technical analysis and we won't have these
patterns that happen every single time, time again. And that takes me to the next point,
which is going to be trending markets. So these candlestick patterns, they create a pattern with
it. And these patterns create trends, trends to the upside or trend to the downside. And the key
to trading is trading with the trend. The trend is your friend. I know it might be cringe. I know
you might've heard it a million times. Speaker 1
But it's what I do every single day. And if I were to not do this every single day, I would not be in
the successful position that I am today because going against the trend is not only hard, but it
just does. It's not going to make you money and it does not make any sense. So this is what a
trending market is going to look like because of the candlestick patterns that we have identified
with technical analysis. So everything right here is extremely simple and easy to understand.
Speaker 1 This right here is clearly a trending market. To the
upside, what you want to make sure that you focus on is at the last point of price, right? When you
see this right here, do not focus on this point right here. Do not focus on this point right here.
Do not focus on anything that is not the last point because once you understand the last point,
then you start working backwards. Once you understand where the market is right now,
now you start looking backwards. You're like, okay, if this is the high of the market,
okay, what is this point right here? Well,
this looks like a low and then this looks like a left, a trail of the market heading to the upside.
It is so easy to spot that this market is heading to the upside because you identify
where the market is actively right now. And once you understand where it is actively right now,
you just follow its trail and it's going to literally tell you what it's doing.
Clearly, this market is bullish. Same thing as if we were to be identifying this market
to the downside. This market is heading to the downside. It would look something like this.
You should only focus at the downside. You should only focus at the upside. You should only focus at
the lowest points or wherever the market is actively live and the last point in the market.
And you simply just follow the trail. If this is where the market started,
you simply follow the trail to whatever it does. And you can clearly see that it's left you a
pattern of the market heading to the downside. This is how you determine the trend of the market.
You need to spot where the market is actively right now. Where's the last point that the market
is at? And then you just work backwards because vice versa, if you were to come into the market
and simply look at it right here, you wouldn't know if to focus on this point right here.
You wouldn't know if to focus on this point right here. All of this is absolutely irrelevant to what
is happening on the live price all the way over here. So if we were to come over here and identify
this point right here, you would identify as your last structure point here. Then you would start
working backwards. If you start working backwards, then you can identify what this market is clearly.
Doing. It's very simple. It's very straight to the point. Without this, it is going to be very
hard to identify what the trend is doing. Because in the other way, if you were to try and find
something by looking at all of this information overload, you're going to almost get confused
and overwhelmed. And it just honestly kills your trading motivation. And it just deprives you from
what you should be focusing on. And that is where is the market right now? Do not focus on where the
market was three years ago. Perfect example is this market right here. If you were to be looking
at this market around here, it'd be a little bit confusing. You wouldn't know if it's upside,
if it's downside. But if you were to look at the last point of where the market is, which is clearly
this highest point right here, you simply draw your little circle here. And then you just start
working backwards. You start working from the top to the downside. And you can see that this market
has been creating higher lows and higher highs to end up creating this market to the upside.
So this is where the trend is your friend, because after you identify that this market is to the
upside. Well, then.
Now you would clearly only be looking for buys. Why would you be looking for sales?
And if you sometimes don't have too clear, if it's a buy or it's a sell,
or you're even a little bit better at analyzing sells and buys or buys and sells,
all you have to do is simply come here to this section, right click it,
and then you would invert your scale. And then you completely look at the markets in the other way.
And this is literally showing you the same exact market just flipped around. It's almost like if
you're watching this video and you laying down on your bed and you have the screen sideways, you just
flip the screen to the side. You're looking at the same thing. You just flipped it. Same thing
here, the same market. But if you have some type of difficulty identifying whether the market is
to the upside or the downside, or you're only good at looking at buys, or you're only good
looking at sales, all you have to do is just flip the chart. So here it's obviously very clear that
this market is to the downside, because again, remember that we flipped it. We would identify
this as our low point. And after we identify it as our low point, we can simply follow the market
and see that it was.
Creating lower lows and lower highs. Now this trend is consisted of lower lows and lower highs.
If you're bearish and it's consisted of higher highs and higher lows. If you're bullish,
it is absolutely impossible to have a bullish market without a higher low and a higher high.
And it is absolutely impossible to have a bearish market without lower lows and lower highs.
Let me explain. So this right here is a perfect example of a
bullish market. A bullish market is consisted of higher highs and higher lows. It is impossible
to have a bullish market without higher highs and higher lows. And it is impossible to have
a higher high without a higher low. It is impossible. You could only have a higher high
if you have a higher low. So make sure you pause the video and write this down.
So this right here is bullish because we are above the higher low and within the higher high.
If this market were to do something like this and have a retracement and head to the upside,
well, now this is the new higher high within this market. So the higher high gets moved
and then the highest low point gets moved to the next highest low point, which is this point
right here. Now this is a perfect example of a bullish market. The moment this market decides
to have some type of retracement into here, this point is now considered a new higher low.
And a higher high only because we've broken above the previous structure point. If we did not
break above the previous structure point, we simply do not answer this as a bullish market.
So this right here is a higher high and then the higher low would move up to the next higher low.
Now, this example right here is not a higher low. Why would you count this as a higher low?
Because it's having a pullback. Well, no, not necessarily.
This could only be counted as a higher low once this market has created a higher high.
Again, remember, it is impossible to have a higher high without a higher low.
So if this market right here did not create a higher high, how would you mark this as the
higher low? You're pretty much skipping a step because this market right now can clearly do
something like this and it can completely go to the downside because it hasn't shown
you its full potential yet. This market will remain bullish as long as we are above the higher
low and within the higher high. Meaning this market can literally do whatever it wants.
It can literally do all of this right here, anything it wants. The moment it breaks above,
we now have created a new higher high. And the moment it breaks under,
we have now had a break of structure and now this market is bearish. So this market can do whatever
it wants in between the higher high and the higher low and we are still bullish. The moment we break
above, this now turns into the higher high and then this now turns into the higher low.
It's going to be this point right here. Now, the moment we break under this point,
now this market has completely shifted to the downside because we have broken under
the higher low. So the moment we body close under this higher low,
now we are bearish. When we are bearish, it is mandatory to have a lower low and a lower high.
You cannot have a bearish market without a lower low and a lower high. So what does that make this
point right here? Well, that makes this new low point a lower low and that makes the last structure
point a lower high. Now this market is bearish. Now it might look bullish overall because a beginner
comes into the market and then it would see something like this and they'd be like, yeah,
this market is heading up. And that is where they are completely wrong. They're not paying attention
to the market structure where it is clearly showing you that this market is now bearish.
So now this market would then have some type of retracements and then do something like this.
Now this is a new lower low. And again, it is impossible to have a lower low without
a lower high. So that is where this lower high would then move.
To this point right here. So again, same thing applies as if the market were to be heading to
the upside. This market could do whatever it wants here, go to the upside, to the downside,
and it mean nothing. The moment we body close above this market, we are now bullish.
And the moment we body close under this market, we will continue to become bearish.
So if this market closes under this point, this is now the new lower low. And then this is now
the new lower high. So this market can simply do something like this and go like this.
Now this market is no longer bearish because we have broken above the lower high, making this
the new higher high, and then making this point right here the new higher low.
It is impossible to have a bullish market without a higher low.
It is impossible to have a bearish market without a lower high. Write this down.
The moment we body candlestick close under a higher low, we are now bearish. And the moment
we body candlestick close above a lower high, we are then bullish. This is major key to
understanding what the trend of the market is doing. So you have extreme clarity if the market
is bullish or bearish. This way you can determine if you're interested in buying
or if you're interested in selling. So this trend is identified obviously very simply,
on the line chart. So I can come this way and I can simply see here to this market,
and I can simply throw on the line chart and identify well, this is clearly the higher high.
And after you identify the higher high, then this would be the higher low.
Very simple. Very straight forward. It's literally the same thing that
we were just doing, but on the actual live markets, but on the line chart.
So this would be the higher high and then this would be the higher low.
What we would do is, we would anticipate for this to have a pullback. In order for us to get up to
the
this to head to the upside if this market decides to now break this higher low now this market will
be bearish and then this will be the lower low and then this would then be the lower high this is
very simple and happens every single day in the markets across every single time frame so the way
you identify the trend is exactly the same as you were to do it on the weekly or the yearly or the
10 year or the 100 year as you would on the one hour the 10 minute the 30 minute the one minute
it's all the same thing because at the end of the day it's all showing the same exact lines the same
exact line chart same exact structure it's all the same exact thing if you notice like this right now
we're on the weekly time frame meaning each and every single one of these candlesticks is one week
and when we were to look at this now on let's say the 15 minute you can see how we have an exact
same amount of lines now these candlesticks are on the weekly time frame so they're on the weekly
lines we're obviously looking a little bit more rigid because the 15 minute moves a lot faster
than let's say the weekly but if i were to hide what time frame we were on you would realistically
not be able to tell if i were to zoom in to something like this because it is simply lines
it doesn't matter if it's the daily does it matter if it's the weekly they all look exactly the same
representing market structure to the upside or market structure to the downside so this right
here is the real market structure to the upside so this right here is the real market structure
right so this is this exact market right here but now on the line chart and you're going to notice
that every single little sharp edge it's going to be a market structure point it's going to be
a potential higher low it's going to be a potential higher high so this right here is
a prime example of simple and straight effective market structure market structure is literally
every single point that you are seeing right here this is market structure which is i like to call
them an elbow because it literally looks like an elbow like it looks like a sharp edge so this
right here would be an elbow which is market structure an elbow which is market structure
and an elbow which is market structure and clearly we have these elbows everywhere throughout
the market so if we go here to the real market you can see how we have these elbows or these market
structure points everywhere throughout the market you can see how this right here is your elbow right
You can see how we have another elbow at this point.
We have literally elbows all throughout the market structure that this market is creating.
This is a little elbow, obviously a sharper elbow, and then this is more of a wider elbow.
So you get all different types of elbow.
If you're a fat guy, if you're a skinny guy, you got everything that you need here.
So these elbows are market structure and this market structure is what creates the trend
of the market.
It's what creates the market if it's heading to the upside, it's what creates the market
if it's heading to the downside.
So when you have a bullish market like this, this is obviously higher high, and then this
would be the higher low.
But if you notice that higher low is a market structure point, it's this the higher low,
and then this would be considered the market structure point.
And previous market structure is this elbow right here.
And this elbow right here.
So everything that looks like an elbow, like a triangle, like a corner, like a sharp edge
is market structure.
And that helps determine the trend of the market, whether it's going to the upside or
whether it's going to the downside.
I can literally flip this chart right now and you can see how it's the same exact elbows,
but going to the downside.
So everything that we do in trading, whatever you apply to buys is the exact same thing
that applies to sells.
Nothing changes.
Your edge is not better.
Not only buys or your edge is not only better on sales.
It is the exact same pattern, the exact same market structure, the exact same everything.
The only thing is that it flips from one side to the other.
So now that you understand what the technical analysis is, now you understand what trend
is, which is extremely important.
You understand market structure, which market structure is all of these elbows.
And it's honestly what the market is created of because without these elbows market would
not exist.
We would simply have a chart that would look something like this.
It would look like a literal.
Wave and obviously you cannot trade a wave because it's just not accurate.
You would need these sharp edges to determine when the market is going to go up or when
the market is going to go down to a lot more predictable.
Thank you for the market structure, trading legends or whoever created this shit.
That takes me to the next point, which is going to be support and resistance.
So support and resistance is identified because of these elbows.
Without these elbows, you will not be able to determine what is a level of support and
what is a level of resistance.
So again, remember what is support?
Well, support is something that holds something up.
For example, this table, I can use this table as support to push myself to the upside.
I'm going to use this as support as leverage to push myself up.
What is resistance?
Resistance is something that is holding you as a ceiling that is pushing you down.
Let's say I want to use the bottom of this table as resistance to pull myself down.
Okay.
This is being used as resistance to pull myself down.
If you notice the same table is being used for support and it is being used for resistance.
It is the same exact spot being used for two things because that is exactly what happens
in the market.
You can have the same level of support be used as resistance in the future, or it have
been used as resistance in the past.
So support and resistance is consisted by these market structure points that has happened
in the market previously in the past.
So let me show you.
So this right here is a level of support and resistance.
Oh, by the way, it's the same shit as supply and demand.
It's the same shit as order blocks.
It's the same shit as all these different types of terminology.
It's all the same shit.
Support and resistance is the same thing as everything.
Literally the same thing.
So right here you can see how this level of market structure, which is this elbow right
here is considered a level of resistance.
That.
In the future was used as support.
So this level of resistance, which is a market structure point was then used as support,
which now created a new market structure point.
Then you have this elbow right here and this elbow, as you can see, creates a level of
resistance.
This level of resistance is then used in the future as a level of support to bring
it down.
For examples, purposes.
And then this is now a new level of support.
That created a new higher high.
Now this is a new market structure point, which is used as resistance.
So we can determine that this can potentially in the near future, have a pullback and use
this area as a support point to then push the market to the upside where then this would
be creating a support level, which is a level of market structure.
So notice how market structure is created based off of support and resistance and support.
And resistance.
Is created off of market structure.
They both work together hand in hand in order to create a trending market or to create a
bearish market.
Now these levels of support and resistance happen everywhere throughout the charts.
So we were to come here into the live markets, which is what's going on here.
You can see how this live market, you can see how a level of resistance, which is this
point right here is then used as support.
This point of resistance is then used as support.
You can then see how this level of supports is then used as resistance at this point right here.
And then you can see how very easily this level of resistance right here is then retested
and use it as support.
So this literally happens time and time and time again into the market.
And it's a pattern that repeats itself over and over again.
I could drag this same exact spot a little bit more to the right, and you can see how
this level was used as resistance drag a little bit more to the right.
You can see how it was almost used as resistance right here.
And this is what market structure is consisted of in order to create this level of support
and resistance.
Now, keep in mind that the level of support and resistance is to be respected about 60
to 75% of the time.
Price doesn't always have to react off of a social support level, or it doesn't always
have to react off of a resistance level.
It is statistically proven that it should, but you cannot rely your whole entire strategy
just on that alone.
You need to have an edge over the market as a whole, but you should only be buying at
a support level or only be selling at a resistance level.
You can have the best edge in the market and you can have everything you need to have
in order to take a trade.
But if you do not have the area of supports to buy, how are you buying?
How are you going to push yourself off the table if you're not off the table?
You can't like, I don't know how to kill gravity or I can't levitate myself using mental
force to just push myself off the table without physically.
Being touching the table, just that same thing with the markets.
You want to only be executing a trade if you're at that support level.
If you're at the table, if you're not at the table, simply cannot do anything with it.
And obviously the same thing happens with resistance.
I can't pull myself off of this table if I'm not physically at the table.
So when you're looking for areas of support and resistance, do not pay attention to the
charts.
They're not executed trade unless you're actually at the level of support and resistance.
So after you understand how to identify these levels of market structuring, you learn how
to identify this level of support and resistance, you actually have to execute this trade on
something.
And the only way for you to execute it is on the actual candlestick patterns.
Because the line chart, again, it's just for a very beginner section.
It's just for you to understand how to read the market, but you can't trade off of the
line chart.
So this is where you would have to go find your candlestick pattern in order to execute
the trade.
So this is where you would then obviously flip over to the candlestick pattern.
And I'm going to teach you the most powerful and most effective candlestick pattern that
I use every single day.
But after you hit the subscribe button, you got to do it.
I know you haven't done it.
I can tell.
That's why you're doing it here again.
Just hit the subscribe button and then we can carry on.
I'll give you a second.
Go ahead.
All right.
Perfect.
So now that you subscribe, this is what the perfect candlestick pattern is, what I use
every single day.
If I don't have this, I do not enter the trade.
And that is going to be, drum roll, a bullish engulfing candlestick for buys or a bearish
engulfing candlestick for buys.
Okay.
So what am I going to do next?
I'll throw this in now, here's a really simple one.
If you don't have the perfect candlestick for buy or sell, you can definitely go ahead
and just register for today's trading.
But first, I'm going to let you know, probably you've heard me say it in the past, but it
is as repetitive and as redundant as it is.
It simply works.
And I do not have to change anything of my trading strategy.
And when it comes to technical analysis, there's nothing you need to change in order to properly
identify the market correctly.
The only way you can confirm that something is going in one direction versus the other
it is clearly showing action of strength and is clearly showing that it is dominating that market.
So that is your entry confirmation that you're looking for in order to enter the trade.
For example, if you were to identify in a race who is winning,
where you're going to identify that the person that is engulfing the other car
and beating them by a lot is winning, you're going to bet on that guy.
Well, same thing in the market.
You want to bet on the candlestick that is winning,
the candlestick that is engulfing, that's eating the last couple of candlesticks.
And the only way that you can bet is when you know that that is happening.
Imagine you can bet on a race when you already see who's winning.
The odds of you making a lot of more money are literally right in front of your face
because the winner is already ahead, so you just bet on the winner.
It's the same exact thing here in the market.
Once the market creates that bullish engulfing candlestick,
it's the winner already getting ahead.
That is your confirmation that you can then get into the market.
It's showing you who is winning, so you go with the winner.
Now, if you bet before that,
you're taking a bit of a risk because obviously you don't know
if there's a pretty much lock that the trade is actually going to go into that direction.
It could be a better entry and you can have better odds,
but the probabilities are not so much in your favor
as if you were to already see who is winning the race.
And this candlestick pattern is actually one of not only the most powerful,
but the most simplest because there is hundreds of different types of candlesticks.
And these are all different types of indications,
when to enter the trade, when to avoid a trade.
But this is specifically when to enter a trade.
So let me actually show you what this looks like.
So this right here would be a perfect example of a bullish engulfing candlestick pattern,
which is this right here.
So you can see how this blue candlestick has engulfed the last one,
two candlesticks, confirming that this direction is now going to head to the upside.
You can also see how this humongous red candlestick is engulfing,
the last one, two, three, four, five, almost six candlesticks,
confirming that the market is now going to head to the downside.
You can see how this candlestick right here has engulfed the last one,
two, almost three candlesticks.
And again, keep in mind, currently we are on the daily timeframe,
meaning that this one single day has eaten the last three days.
That should give you indication that there is a lot of sellers into the market that you should be
interested in trading.
Picture as if there's a race and there is a three day ahead race that once I imagine that the cars are
racing for weeks at a time.
And there's this one car that has now skipped everybody by three days.
It has three days ahead of all the three other cars.
Doesn't it make more sense to bet on that guy that is ahead versus the guys that are behind?
What is the possibility that the market is giving you by entering a trade after it already shows you
its hand with this engulfing confirmation?
Now you have to be very patient in order to wait for this to happen.
This is where a lot of traders mess up because they don't want to be patient.
But at the end of the day, patience pays.
And if you don't have the patience, you simply are not meant for this.
Sorry, it sucks.
But if you don't follow the rules of trading, you will not succeed.
It is as simple as that, because why should you succeed if you're not being patient?
Rather, I have to be patient to then get the same success, simply not fair.
And it's just not fair.
That's not how the markets work.
You have to follow the rules in order to get the reward.
You can also see a perfect example of this engulfing candlestick right here.
So you can see how this engulfing candlestick engulfed the last one, two, three, four candlesticks.
This right here is not an engulfing candlestick.
As you can see, this little candlestick did not eat the last red candlestick.
So it does not make it an engulfing candlestick.
You can tell how this red candlestick is not an engulfing candlestick.
This is an engulfing candlestick, because it ate the last several candlesticks.
This right here is not an engulfing candlestick.
This little blue one, because it did not eat the last one or two candlesticks.
So an engulfing candlestick is when it eats a minimum of one candlestick to the left of it,
whether it is to the upside or it is to the downside.
Without this, it is not an engulfing candlestick.
This right here is a perfect example of a
beautiful, strong, bullish engulfing candlestick,
which it has eaten the last one, two, three, four, five, six,
seven candlesticks in one single day.
So this candlestick is seven days ahead of everybody else.
Obviously, you can then see how the market followed to the upside,
and that confirmed that that was going to be the winning trade, the winning car in the race.
And this applies, this candlestick applies to any single time frame.
It doesn't matter if you're on the daily.
It doesn't matter if you're on the one hour.
As long as you have your engulfing candlestick,
the market is destined to go into that favor because the market is showing their hand first.
It doesn't matter if you're betting on car races or if you're betting on RC car races.
At the end of the day, whoever is ahead has the lead.
It simply makes more sense to bet on that person versus the person that is not.
So now all of these candlesticks together, they create patterns.
Obviously, you can see the same pattern heading to the upside.
You can see the same patterns heading to the downside.
That takes me to my next point, which is going to be candlestick patterns that the market shows you.
And these patterns are almost like, where's Waldo?
As soon as you find Waldo in the map of where he would be, you almost can't unsee it.
Like, it's actually impossible.
Once you spotted him, you spotted him, and that's it.
There's no going back.
You know where he's at.
Same thing happens here.
Once you spot these patterns of the market, you can't unsee it.
Like, it's literally right in front of your face.
And it's.
Going to be there permanently now every single time.
And I'm literally about to crack something for you guys that you probably did not know that you had and that you were missing out by not properly identifying the markets the way you should.
Now, this market that you see right in front of you here, not only are we on the line chart just to make this very simple for introduction, but there is two different types of candlestick patterns in this section right here.
You have a head and shoulders pattern and a inverted head and shoulders pattern.
And it might not be so obvious right now.
But as soon as I spot it out, you're going to have an aha moment.
And it's going to be like, where's Waldo?
You're going to.
It's going to be impossible to unsee what you're about to see.
So this market right here actively right now.
The first thing that you have to do always is focus on the first things first, which is where is the market right now?
Where is price?
And price is at that very point right there.
So then this is where you would start working your way down.
You would start working from this point to this point to this point, et cetera.
So you would identify that this market is obviously bullish.
It's creating higher highs and it's creating higher lows.
So this market is a bullish market.
Now, this bullish market was created because of a pattern.
Now, what pattern you may be asking?
Well, just to make it very simple and straight to the point, it is going to be a inverted head and shoulders pattern, which is going to be this pattern down at this point right here.
So it's an inverted head and shoulders pattern, which is an opposite of a head and shoulders pattern.
Inverted head and shoulders patterns usually happen at the bottom of a trend as a reversal.
And then head and shoulders happen at the top of the trend as a reversal from the point there.
So these patterns are used as reversal patterns.
So this is an inverted head and shoulders pattern, which happened at the bottom of the trend to then shift this market to the upside.
And then if you notice this at a little bit more to the left would be a full blown head and shoulders pattern to then create a reversal for then the market to the downside.
So you can see how this head and shoulders pattern then created a bearish market.
And then you can see how this head and shoulders then created a bullish market.
This is because these reversal patterns are happening at the highs and at the lows of the market as reversal patterns.
It is the stronger pattern.
They can possibly see in the market.
And it is almost so obvious that once you see it, you can't unsee it.
It's very obvious that this is a left shoulder, that this is a head and that then this point right here is another right shoulder.
Now, it is impossible to have a head and shoulders pattern without a left shoulder, a head and a right shoulder confirming that it's broken through the neckline.
Now, a lot of people might believe that this right here could potentially be or is a head and shoulders pattern.
This right here is not a head and shoulders pattern because this can literally just do this.
And then what?
Where did your head and shoulders pattern go?
Well, nowhere.
Clearly, it never existed.
A head and shoulders pattern only exists once it has broken and confirmed that the neckline of the head and shoulders.
So this is going to be the neckline at this point right here, which is what's happening.
Here, which is what's held up by a level of support.
So the support is the neckline of the head and shoulders that is created of what these elbow points, which is going to be these Marcus structure points right here, which are going to be held up by this support.
So the only way you have a confirmation of a head and shoulders is once we break through that neckline of the head and shoulders.
And obviously, the same exact thing applies.
When you have a.
Inverted head and shoulders.
The only thing that changes is that it's simply the other way.
This right here.
Is it a head and shoulders?
I'm going to let you think for a second.
Go ahead.
I'm going to drink water.
Think.
No, this is not a head and shoulders pattern.
Why?
Because this can literally just do this right here.
And then where did your head and shoulders patterns go?
Nowhere.
It never existed.
Why?
Because it never broke through this neckline right here.
It looks a little bit confusing.
All you have to do is flip this chart to the other side, and then you can clearly see that it never broke through the neckline, never making it a valid head and shoulders pattern.
So you notice this exact same thing, just flipping it to the downside because this is an inverted head and shoulders, which happens at the bottom of a trend.
So this right here is not a head and shoulders pattern.
If this would have done this, then we have a confirmed inverted head and shoulders pattern.
That now we can be interested in taking this to the upside because now the market has then shifted.
So this literally happens time and time and time again to the market every single day, like to the point where right now, as I'm skimming through this market, I'm seeing tens of different head and shoulders patterns.
Now, again, keep in mind, these head and shoulders patterns are not always going to be very pretty, not always going to look like something like this.
It could happen.
But the possibility of that is not very high.
You're going to sometimes have a little ugly head and shoulders.
There's nothing wrong with ugly head and shoulders.
Like, you know, we've all been with an ugly person.
It's not a big deal.
Do it for the game.
It's part of what it is.
Sometimes you would have something that looks like this, but it's a valid head and shoulders pattern.
You would have something like this and then it would look like this.
It's ugly, but it is what it is.
It's a head and shoulders pattern.
You just want to make sure that you can identify that head and shoulders pattern.
You want to identify that it is a left, a head and then a right shoulder to confirm that it is a head and shoulders pattern.
This right here is a perfect example of an ugly head and shoulders pattern.
This is a left head and then a ugly right shoulder, which then creates the head and shoulders pattern.
Clearly happened at the top of the market, which then created the move to the downside.
Obviously also happened in any single timeframe of the markets and it's going to happen every single day that the market has different opportunities for you to trade on any single timeframe.
Now there's obviously many different types of patterns and I have a whole entire video right here that explains to you the patterns that I use in my strategy every single day that gives me the best edge over the market because just like the head and shoulders pattern and they happen every single day in the market.
There's two different other patterns that I personally use.
But I explained some more detail in this video right here.
So make sure you go check it out.
And this is all just a very simple way of how to read technical analysis and different types of patterns that you can identify when reading the market.
And this is all very surface level ways on how to actually see different technical ways on how to read it.
Because technical analysis trading is simply the most successful routes that retail traders have taken over the last decades in order to succeed.
And it's what I've been using for the last six months.
Six to seven years along with all of my students that let's make anywhere from a thousand to a thousand five hundred dollars a week as a beginner set and forget trader.
Now you don't know what set and forget is or it's your first time hearing it.
Make sure you click the link in the description below because I have a video there for you that explains to you exactly what it is.
And I show you how to identify these patterns and create an edge over the market that's going to make you anywhere from a thousand to a thousand five hundred dollars a week as a beginner set and forget trader.
So if you want to know what set and forget is and what it's all about and how it works.
What it's all about and how it lets students have results like these or even these.
Click the link in the description below for you and you're going to be able to see what it's all about.
And you're going to get on a call with me every single week identifying these markets every single week seeing what makes the most sense.
Does it make more sense to buy or does it make more sense to sell?
Because I share my personal trades with my students every single Sunday on a call that we get on before the market starts.
So we can actually see what markets are having the best patterns and the best technical analysis.
So if you want to make anywhere from a thousand to a thousand five hundred dollars a week and be part of my set and forget community.
Make sure you hit the link in the description below and I'll see you inside.
Appreciate you guys watching this video all the way to the end.
Hit that like and subscribe button and I'll see you guys in the next video.


==============================
VIDEO 016 — How To Find Daily Bias (Step By Step)-e_FV0Q14k8E
==============================

If you guys are waking up every single morning, staring at the charts and having no freaking clue
what to do or where price is going to go, then this video is for you guys. In this video,
I'm going to be doing a full in-depth breakdown of how I find my daily bias every single day.
Again, a lot of people have different ways about doing this, or you guys will hear a whole bunch
of traders say like, oh yeah, my daily bias is bullish for the day, or my daily bias is bearish,
but you guys just have no clue of how we came to that conclusion. So I'm going to share with
you guys how I've been finding my daily bias recently. That's been helping me a whole lot
in understanding where price wants to go, because more often than not on the chart,
we will have a draw on liquidity or an area that we can totally see price going to,
but then price ends up going in the other direction, or there's two different draws
on liquidity. And you're like, man, I wish I knew where price was going to go for the day.
And in this video, I'm going to cover how I find my daily bias and how you guys are able to get
out of these situations and how you guys are able to actually capitalize on these situations. So
let's get started.
With that being said, let's jump into the charts. This isn't going to be any bullshit,
any freaking indicator, whatever, or actually no, I am going to be using one indicator,
but it's just to mark out session highs and lows. But with that being said, let's pull up the
charts right now. So this is actually market just opened 10 minutes ago. I'm not going to be
trading today because we had war news that came out during Asian session, unfortunately. So this
is actually live trading conditions. So we're going to be going over how I find my daily bias
and I'm going to be doing it with the current market right now, but I'll also go back through
this entire week and go over it. But what I first want to do is kind of map out of how I go about
finding daily bias in the first place. So the first thing that I want to know and understand
is what did London session do? And this is going to be applicable for any session. So I'm always
looking at what the previous session did. Okay. So I trade the indexes. I trade the S and P 500
and NASDAQ. Some of you guys, you guys may,
trade a Euro, Euro USD. You guys may trade gold. You might trade GBP USD. Okay. And on those pairs,
you guys might be trading during London session. You guys might be trading during Asian session.
The same thing applies. We're just looking at the past session that had just passed. And if you
guys know about how I trade, I'm always looking to trade right at market opens. So regardless of
if I'm trading an index or if I'm trading Forex, or if I'm trading a commodity such as gold,
I'm going to want to be trading at a market open because I know that,
when there's going to be volume and volatility coming into the market, there's going to be new
money flooding into the market to be able to give us a move for us to trade on. Okay. And that's
typically when we get the most volume and the most volatility. And that's typically when these
moves are made. So we are going to be looking at the last sessions move and you're probably saying,
well, like, okay, how do we even understand this? So there's literally only three ways
that the past session can move. And a lot of people call these daily profiles or whatever.
I don't really, you know, that's just too fucking fancy. It's just like, what did the last fucking
session do? Okay. Let's just keep it at that. What did the last session do? So for me, when
I'm trading New York session, what session comes before New York, London session. So I'm looking
at London session. What are the three ways? What are the three ways that London session could move
prior to New York session? So we're looking at last session's move and we'll go ahead and just
highlight the three different daily profiles that there are. The first one is previous,
session, consolidation into new session. So for me, that would be New York session,
manipulation, reversal. Okay. So this is the, this is the first way that price could move.
Okay. So we have, let's say London session starts right here. This is when New York session starts,
London session opens and it's just consolidating. And then boom,
New York session opens. We see a manipulation, then a reversal doing during New York session.
Okay. So that's the first way. Second way is previous session manipulation into new session
reversal. And again, notice that every single one of these is going to have a form of manipulation
because if you guys know the way that I trade, I am only trying to trade off of manipulation.
Okay. Manipulation is what causes the market to move. We need manipulation in order to fill
orders in order for a price to move in the direction that we want it to go. So with that,
one previous session manipulation. So let's say this is London session and let's say we have
a draw on liquidity right here. So during London session, we're coming down, we're coming down,
and then boom, we come down and we are manipulating during the previous session,
but we don't get the reversal during London session. So what are we expecting New York to do?
Give us that reversal and push price higher. Okay. And then the third way that price can move is
previous session
manipulation plus reversal into new session continuation. So what does that look like?
We actually just had an example of this yesterday. I was able to make a lot of money off of it.
So what does this look like? London session. Oh shit. You guys weren't even able to see that low.
Oopsies. Let's go over this one one more time because I'm pretty sure
my head was in the way. Previous session manipulation, new session reversal.
Okay. So let's say there's a high timeframe low right here, boom. We come down, we come down,
we come down and then we finally get underneath this low. And then the new session, we're
expecting it to reverse off of that. Now, previous session manipulation reversal. New session
continuation is when we come down, manipulate reverse, and then we expect the new session
to continue it higher. Now it's the same thing in the opposite direction. Okay. So, boom boom. Okay.
So for previous session, we're expecting a reversal new session. I know studying isız when we come down, we're expecting reverse and then we expect the new session to continue higher now it's the same thing in the opposite direction. So boom, boom. Okay. So for previous session Roman isiz. I'm in order of importance in the opposite direction. Voom. So let's see. This was the series that will connect theада of his dec guaranty
Boom. Boom. Okay. So for previous session consolidation, new session manipulation and
reversal, let's say we're just consolidating and then boom, new session starts. We manipulate,
reverse. Awesome. Next one, previous session manipulation, new session reversal. Boom. We're
going up. We take out those highs into the new session. We're expecting it to reverse.
And then previous session manipulation, reversal, new session continuation. We see boom,
the manipulation, the reversal. We're expecting it to continue down. So those are the three ways
that market can move. And I know you're probably saying, well, it can't be that simple. It really
is. And that's the first thing that we're looking at. We're looking at what did the previous session
do? Did the previous session consolidate? And by consolidation, it doesn't mean it just has to go
sideways. It just means there's no form of manipulation. Okay. Because the other two
profiles have a form of manipulation, whether it's manipulation without the reversal,
we're expecting the new session to give us the reversal. Whether it's the manipulation with
the reversal, we're expecting the new session to continue. Okay. To continue that trend higher
versus consolidation. There's just no manipulation of high timeframe draws on liquidity. So what else
do we have to be good at? We have to be good at identifying draws on liquidity. So on top of us
identifying the previous session's daily profiles, we have to identify draws on liquidity.
On the high timeframe, we need to identify high timeframe draws on liquidity. What is that in?
That's in one hour highs and lows, four hour highs and lows, and session highs and lows. And if you
guys don't know about these terms, like draws on liquidity, high timeframe liquidity, one hour,
four hour session highs and lows, I'll leave a link in the description to a five and a half hour
free course of me literally explaining every single one of those terms. So if you guys want to
that I use within my day trading strategy. So you guys can understand these confluences. You guys can
go and watch that video. And then you guys can come right back to this so that you guys can fully
understand this a little bit better. So we want to be able to identify our high timeframe draws on
liquidity. How are we going to do that? We're going to mark out the highs and lows on the one
hour on the four hour and the session highs and lows. So for me, since I'm trading New York
session, I'm marking out London session highs and lows. I'm marking out Asian session highs and
lows. And then we can also identify our high timeframe draws on liquidity. So we're going to
also mark out previous day, previous day highs and lows as well. Those are good draws on liquidity.
So once we've identified those draws on liquidity, we are going to look for the daily profile
that is happening out of those draws. Okay. So we know what our daily profiles are. We know that
it's either going to consolidate and then the new session is going to manipulate the draw on
liquidity and then reverse. We know that it's either going to consolidate and then the new session is
going to start and then it's going to reverse. And that is literally how I find daily bias. I know
you guys are probably like, it's got to be more than that. It's, it's not, it's identifying
draws on liquidity. And then it's just identifying whether those draws on liquidity,
have been swept yet, and if they have been swept,
where is price going to go from there?
Or if it hasn't been swept,
how can we take a trade off of it once it does get swept
and price is going to move higher?
So this is literally all I use to find my daily vibes.
I look at the daily profile,
I look at the previous session,
I identify my high timeframe draws on liquidity,
and then from there,
I'm looking at what daily profile happens
out of these draws on liquidity.
And then from there,
all I do is target the draws on liquidity
in the other direction.
So I guess the last thing that we can say
in terms of daily bias
would be target the draws in the other direction.
Because obviously,
if we're getting manipulation of lows in a reversal,
we're going to want to target what?
Highs, why?
Because we were able to fill orders down here.
Where will we be able to offload those orders?
Above highs.
Or where will we be able to exit those trades?
Above highs.
Cool, so now that we've done this,
take a screenshot of it,
take it home, give it to your grandma, okay?
And then we'll go ahead and apply this on the chart.
And you guys will see how this happens
literally every single day.
One of these three.
And the reason why it happens every single day
is because there's literally no other way
that price could move.
Like this covers every single direction of price movement.
It's like price either moves sideways,
goes up, or goes down.
I know you're probably saying,
well, TJR, like obviously these are the only
three daily profiles,
because that's the only way that price can move.
Yeah, exactly.
So it's just identifying.
When we write it out and we actually can identify like,
hey, this is what's happening.
And then when we can understand what's happening
following that,
that's when we're actually able to start cooking, all right?
So now that we've done that, let's get into it.
Oh dude, and look, we're literally having one right now.
I didn't think that we were going to get
good price action today,
but look, this is actually pretty good.
Okay, I mean, fuck it.
I'll show what I would be looking at today.
So right now I have my little session
high and low indicator on here.
I'll leave a link in the description
if you guys want these.
I just use it.
It just makes my life way easier.
The red lines are Asian session highs and lows.
The blue lines are London session highs and lows.
So let's just practice with today's price action,
even though we had war news.
So price is going to be a little bit messed up.
This is London session and this is Asian session.
We can show this on both sessions of what's happening.
So let's say we wanted to trade London session.
Let's look at what Asian session did.
Asian session came down and what did it do?
We came down
and swept out what?
High timeframe liquidity.
So Asian session manipulated and then what did it do?
It reversed.
So what are we expecting London session to do?
Continue.
Asian session manipulation, reversal, London continuation.
Now let's look at what London session did
so we can make an educated guess
of where New York wants to go.
So London session,
let's go ahead and mark out our hourly draws.
We have,
we have hourly lows right here and see,
because the war news,
there's not really much else.
There's hourly highs up here.
We have the Asian session highs up here.
We have London session lows right here
and Asian session lows right here.
There's really not many other draws on liquidity
sides these London session highs.
So we marked out London session high,
London session lows, hourly lows, hourly highs,
Asian session high, Asian session low.
What did London session do?
Did it manipulate any of it?
it manipulate any of those highs or lows on the high timeframe? No. So there was no form of
manipulation during London session. So what daily profile does that lead to us having going into New
York session? London session consolidation, New York manipulation reversal. What did New York do
right when we opened? We opened and we immediately went up and did what? Swept out London session
highs. Now, what are we doing? We got our manipulation. Now we're just going to expect
some form of reversal. Okay. Low key. I didn't think that today was going to be a good day,
good day to trade, but right now it's looking pretty freaking good. Maybe we could take like
a mock trade today. Ah, price is moving kind of slow. Anyways, we can see that this is, again,
we see one of our daily profiles right here. What is this? Manipulation reversal, London
continuation. New York opens, London, what was this? Consolidation because it didn't sweep out
any hourly.
Draws on liquidity. So there's no manipulation during London session. So what do we expect
New York to do? And what do we see literally right when New York opens? New York opens right
here. We have these London session highs, boom, manipulation, and now we're getting the reversal.
So this was London consolidation, New York manipulation, and what are we doing now?
Reversing. And then where can we target? Boom. Draws on liquidity to the downside. So we have,
boom, these five minute lows,
these five minute lows, London session lows, these hourly lows, Asian session lows. I don't think that we're
going to come all the way down to these Asian session lows because on the high timeframe, us coming down and
sweeping out these high timeframe lows. First of all, it probably wasn't even expected in the first place, but
since we had that, uh, that war news candle, we came down and grabbed it. Let's see, did NASDAQ take them
out too? No. Yeah, we made an SMT divergence off of it, but we can see that what we literally just talked about, we
just saw two of our daily profiles.
So let's do the same thing with yesterday's price action. I want to keep my eye on this because this is like high key.
Its high key looking pretty good. It's looking pretty good. I'm just going to keep my eye on this. I might end up taking a
trade in a YouTube video. That's funny. Let's go into Thursday's price action. So this is Thursday. Go ahead and put New York
market open on, this is London session. This is Asian session. This one so beautiful.
So first thing that we are going to want to do is mark out our session highs and lows,
mark out our draws on liquidity.
So we have Asian session highs, Asian session lows, London session highs, London session
lows.
And then let's go into the hourly time frame.
We have hourly highs, hourly lows.
We have hourly highs.
And that's good enough.
So what do we do?
We look at the previous session.
What was the previous session doing?
Boom.
London session opened.
Let's look at the draws on liquidity.
Does London manipulate?
Well, yes.
Right when London session opens, what does it immediately go down and do?
It sweeps out Asian session lows.
And then what does it do?
So we see manipulation.
And then what?
Reversal.
Awesome.
So what is this going to be?
New York continuation.
And oh, would you look at that?
What did New York session end up doing?
Fucking continuing.
It is that fucking simple.
And where did it end up going to?
Even though we already took out these highs, so we can go ahead and take that out.
Where did it end up going to?
Boom.
Hourly or Asian session high, hourly high, relative equal highs to our draws on liquidity.
So freaking good.
Wednesday, we had CPI news data, but we can still try and see if we had anything good.
I don't think we had anything.
I mean, no, we we kind of did actually.
Yeah, we we actually did.
OK, so we'll go ahead and mark this out.
This was a high impact news day.
And I try and avoid trading on high impact news days.
Something else that we need to keep in mind is that technically at eight is when New York pre-market opens.
OK, so pre-market opens at eight.
So we need to keep that in mind.
Mark out our draws on liquidity.
We mark out Asian session highs.
Then we mark out Asian session lows.
Then we mark out London session lows.
Then we mark out.
These are pretty much London session highs up here.
So, again, because we had high impact news, it's a little bit iffy, but it is what it is.
OK, so we have Asian session highs, Asian session lows, London session lows, London session highs.
And then let's go into our hourly real quick.
Not much.
We have.
These highs right here, and that's like kind of these lows already got taken out during London session, so it's kind of it.
So coming into this high impact news day, that's why the chart just looks so kind of like ridiculous.
But London session, do we get any form of manipulation or yeah, I guess we I guess we did.
I completely blanked out.
But yes, we did end up coming down and sweeping out these hourly lows.
We have two daily profiles on this day.
And this isn't.
Super typical, but because it was high impact news, we got to move during pre-market and after that.
So London session opens.
Do we get any form of manipulation?
Yes, we come down and we sweep out these hourly lows.
OK, so this is manipulation.
Do we get much of a reversal going into New York pre-market open?
Yes, we do.
We get London manipulation.
Then we get a five minute break of structure to the upside and then boom, New York pre-market opens.
And then what do we do?
We continue.
OK, so this is London manipulation.
Reversal New York continuation.
And where does New York continue all the way up to boom, London session highs and these Asian session highs right here.
And I don't really think that there were there was some four hour highs, if I'm correct, over here on the left hand side, four hour highs right here, four hour highs right here.
Yeah, so we came up and grabbed those as well so we can see.
And again, this is the only reason why New York made this move during pre-market was because.
We had high impact news at 830, so we can see that this was London manipulation, reversal and then New York pre-market opened.
And because this was like a super drastic high impact news day, the daily profile ended up playing out in the direction during pre-market.
But we can also see another daily profile play out once New York market opens.
So let's say that again, it's kind of annoying because we had high impact news, but whatever we come up, we take out these highs.
So going into this, what could this also be?
Labeled as this can also be labeled as potentially London session consolidation, New York manipulation and reversal.
So what do we see?
We see the manipulation during pre-market and then we see the reversal.
And then by the time market opens, we're probably going to want some form of like lower timeframe manipulation.
Again, we had high impact news.
The OG daily profile of the day would have just been capturing this London manipulation, reversal, New York continuation up to these highs.
That was the main objective because we can see price.
It kind of dies down and then chops around.
But we still see boom, New York manipulation, reversal.
And then again, if we were able to catch entries up here, we wouldn't have been stopped out.
And these lows end up getting hit as well.
Ideally, we're only classifying one daily profile.
You don't want to be saying, oh, it went from London manipulation, reversal, New York continuation to now this.
It's like, no, that's not how the daily profiles work.
It's literally one per session.
Okay, let's go ahead and do Tuesday.
All right.
This wasn't the best price action either.
This past week has been kind of shitty price action.
In fact, I lost the majority, the majority of my trades this past this past session.
But this is still a pretty good example.
Oh, yeah.
And this is one thing that I wanted to clarify as well.
So this is a great example of the thing that I wanted to clarify.
And then after this, you guys will be fully fucking covered on daily buys.
So let's look at Asian session.
We have Asian session highs.
We have Asian session lows.
We have London session highs.
We have London session lows.
We want to look at the previous session.
So we're looking at London session.
What did London session do?
Well, London session manipulated reverse.
So what are we expecting New York session to do?
Continue.
What does New York session do?
It does continue all the way up to what?
Boom.
Asian session highs.
Awesome.
The one thing that we have to be good about is understanding that if we're in a London session manipulation reversal,
we still have to expect some form of manipulation even though it's a New York continuation of this trend because new money is coming into the market during New York session.
We have to expect some form of manipulation during the continuation phase.
Okay.
So if we're in the daily profile of manipulation reversal continuation of the new session that we're trading.
We have to still be looking for some form of manipulation.
And I'm really glad that we did.
We did Tuesday or else I would have completely forgot to talk about this in this video.
But this is super important.
If we're trading a continuation daily profile instead of looking for manipulation of high timeframe draws on liquidity like sweeping out London session highs and then reversing or sweeping out London session lows and then reversing because we're not looking for a manipulation in reversal in this session.
We're not looking for a manipulation in reversal in this session.
We're looking for a continuation.
There still has to be manipulation.
It's just going to be on the lower time frames.
So we're going to look to mark out five minute lows and like 15 minute lows and then from there because there's new money coming into this session.
We can't just be entering blindly and just like buying right here right at market open.
We're going to get screwed over that way.
There's new money coming into the market.
It has to manipulate the previous session in some way shape or form.
So what do I do when we're in a continuation?
Setting going into a new session.
I'm marking out five minute lows or a marking out five minute highs that we could potentially sweep.
So in this case we see manipulation reversal to the upside.
So I'm marking out five minute lows so that we can see a manipulation and then catch trades off of that still towards our overall bias.
But I'm not just pressing buy right here because I know that new money is coming into the market and we're going to have to manipulate just not high timeframe manipulation.
Why?
Because the high timeframe manipulation has already happened during the previous session and we're expecting this session to continue that high timeframe manipulation.
But we just need some more orders to be filled within this new session.
Okay, so let's show that example on how that happened on Tuesday.
So if we look at this, we can see that we have these London session highs.
We don't care about that.
Why?
Because we know we are looking for New York continuation.
So even though we came up and took out these London session highs right when New York market opened.
We're not looking for New York manipulation and reversal.
We're looking for New York continuation.
Why?
Because London manipulated reversed.
So what do we expect New York to do to move higher?
How is it going to move higher?
We need to have some form of manipulation so we can go ahead and go on the 15 minute and mark out highs and lows.
So we have boom 15 minute lows right here.
And this is again a perfect example of this.
We have a 15 minute low right here.
15 minute low right here.
What does price do?
This happened a little bit later in the day.
Again, not the best price action, but this is still 100% true and shows how our daily profiles work every single day.
We come down.
We sweep out this 15 minute low.
We sweep out this 15 minute low.
And then boom.
What does price end up going to do?
Fulfill.
Boom.
These Asian session highs.
We can also go on the five minute and mark out five minute lows.
Okay, so we have a five minute low right here.
We have five minute low right here.
Five minute low right here.
Okay.
We sweep through and sweep all of these out and then boom.
What do we end up doing?
Fulfilling that continuation of this New York session to the upside.
And just like that, you guys understand how to find daily bias.
If you guys were sort of confused, if you guys still have questions and you're just like,
man, I wish TJR would be able to talk to me one on one or be able to answer my questions
or I wish there was like a profitable trader that I could talk to every single day or send a fucking text message to.
I am giving you guys access to that.
I'll leave a little link in the description.
If you guys want to become one of my students, if you guys want to be able to get on coaching
calls with me and other profitable traders, because I know these videos can only do so
much for you guys as traders.
I'm sure that you guys have questions and I can only make these daily bias videos, these
liquidity suite videos, these strategy videos for what I'm assuming that you guys are struggling
with.
And hopefully you guys find the value that you guys need from these YouTube videos.
But if you guys still need specific questions, if you guys still want specific questions,
if you guys still want specific trading on your day trading and you guys are like, man,
if I could just talk to TJR or if I could just talk to other profitable traders that
have already been through these mistakes that I can literally just speed run through
all of these things, get over all the mistakes that TJR made, get through all the mistakes
that other profitable traders had made in order to get to where they're at and just go through
the process much faster.
You guys can become my student.
You guys can get on these coaching calls with me.
You guys can get on coaching calls with other profitable traders.
You guys get full access.
You guys get full access to a profitable trader, literally 24 seven access to chat
with them and answer all of your guys' questions.
Cause I know, you know, these videos only come out like once or twice a week, so it's
hard and maybe I'm not answering your very specific trading questions and I would love
to do that.
It's just within the blueprint.
So with that being said, I'll leave a little link in the description down there for you
guys to sign up to that for you guys to become my student.
I love and appreciate you guys.
I'll catch you guys in the next video.
Hopefully this helped you guys.
Peace out.


==============================
VIDEO 017 — How to Grow a SMALL Forex Account in Less than a Week-H4BUyvFYcgc
==============================

Four months ago, I turned $100 into $2,700 and to this day, as crazy as this might sound,
I get asked every single day on how I did it. And that was four months ago. So today is a day
where I'm going to give you the true story and explain to you how I turned $100 into $2,700
in one week trading Forex. And most importantly, I'm going to teach you how I did it. The story's
cool, but on how I did it is so you guys can do the same thing as well. So let's begin. So this
all started with the $100 to the million dollar challenge. So if you guys haven't seen the series
where I turned $100 into a million, or at least I tried, in 60 days, my first attempt on me doing
this, I actually blew the account. So my first attempt at turning $100 into a million, obviously
I had to scale up, I actually blew it on my first try. Account officially blown. It is what it is.
I'm not going to lie. I was super greedy.
I was up almost $600 on this trade. And this is because I got too greedy at the beginning. I set
and forget too much. And I didn't close my take profits as soon as I should have, because I was
trying to flip $100 into $10,000 in one trade, thinking that a trade was going to give me that
much profit without scaling in and adding new positions and getting new liquidity. And it was
a lesson, right? Blew the account, no big deal. Then I started my second account. So when I
approached my second account, which is the one that I took a hundred dollars,
to $2,700, there I realized that I had to learn from the mistakes that I had in my first account
that I did. So the first lesson was do not set and forget too much. Meaning, if you have a take
profit with a two, three X on the account, simply close your trade out there. So then you can take
another trade of risking the profits that you made on that flip. So if you were to lose that
trade, at least you are starting back at again at the original balance and you don't have to deposit
that much profit. So that was one of my biggest takeaways that I actually ended up using during
the whole entire challenge, because I would constantly just risk the profit on the next trade
instead of actually risking the whole entire account size, which I'll explain a little bit
more in this later in the video. And then secondly, which kind of ties into set and forgetting too
much, it's greed, right? So I got pretty greedy because I just wanted to flip it super fast, but I
had to realize that that wasn't possible. So then I minimize my goals that I have, I was setting for myself,
for the week. So my goal was to pretty much double the account every single week. And if I did that
every single week, by the end of about 70 to 85 days, I would pretty much be at the million
dollars. That's crazy as that might sound because with compound interest, things would scale really,
really fast. So now knowing what I did wrong, which was setting and forgetting too much and
being too greedy, I simply took away from the account on what I did right. And actually what
I did right was take a high probability trade setup. So on the first account that I blew,
I actually was up money. So I think I was up about $200, $300. I just didn't close the trade.
So the trade reversed and then it hit my stop loss. So I took the same winning strategy that
I have and I applied it to the new account on the first trade. Because again, the most important
thing is taking that first good trade so you can get out of the hole. And as soon as I took the
first good trade, I simply just set and forget and I cut my take profit short so I can get the
margin and take the next trade. You want to know more about the solid trades that I take,
I give them away for free. All you have to do is subscribe to the channel. I literally give away
the trades for free where you can make money and turn $100 to $2,700 just how I did. All you have
to do is hit the subscribe button. Like who doesn't want to turn $100 to $2,700? All you
have to do is just subscribe, subscribe. So this first trade that I would take on this new account
is what I like to call a textbook trade. So a textbook trade is literally what it means,
a textbook trade. You want to take a trade that is from the textbook.
It's something that's from the textbook. It's something that is classic. It's something that
has been seen in the market hundreds, thousands of times where the pattern is pretty much set
to repeat itself. Why would you not want to do something that is not set to repeat itself?
It doesn't make any sense. And these are the following rules for a textbook trade. And it's
what I use for my first trade where I turned $100 into about $300, $400 in my first trade.
First things first, you want to make sure you are following the trend.
The trend is your friend. If you're not following the trend, you have already started wrong,
my friend, and you're setting yourself up for failure. Second thing after identifying a very
strong trend is you want to be buying at a solid level of support or selling at a solid level of
resistance. Third is you want to wait for a confirmation that it is rejecting this level
of support or this level of resistance, right? Because you want to make sure that the trend
is bouncing off of a support level or resistance level. And the way you do that is by having a
confirmation rejection candlestick, also known as the famous entry signal. So there's many different
types of entry signals. If you want to know mine, all you have to do is hit the subscribe button
because I teach it for free. And the last rule, which is the most important by far,
other than the trading signal, is going to be the actual session that you take to trade.
If you're trading such a little amount of money, you want to make sure that you're actually taking
at a session where it's going to have momentum, meaning the moment you take the trade,
it goes right into your direction. You don't want to take a trade outside of session. So you're
simply fluctuating in drawdown, which is unnecessary when you can simply wait for the
right session and apply this textbook trade and it go into profit immediately. And those are the
four key foundations to a textbook trade. This is what I use for my beginner trade that I took on
the hundred to the twenty seven hundred and pretty much every single trade after that. I can guarantee
you that it's going to have momentum. And if you're going to take a trade outside of session,
that is simply going to give you an edge over the market versus not having anything. For example,
just to put it into simple perspective, it's like surfing. Trading is like being a surfer. So when
you go to the beach to surf, the first thing that you want to make sure is that there is waves. You
want to make sure that the ocean is giving you waves so you can surf. If there's no waves, you
can't go surf. It makes no sense putting that into the market. You want to make sure the market has
a trend. The market has no trend. You simply can't trade anything. So after you have identified
that there's waves at the beach,
Now,
you
simply
want to make sure that your board is waxed. So when you get onto it, you would have grip or
whatever. I'm not a surfer. I don't know. Simple analogy, right? So you want to make sure that you
have your board so you can stand on when you get on the wave and you don't fall off. Taking this
to the market is you want to make sure you have this level of support or resistance known as the
area of interest so the market can support itself so it can push up or push down when the price
gets to that point. And then going back to the surfing analogy, it's going to be your entry
confirmation here.
Rejection candlestick. That's pretty much going to be the entry.
As soon as the wave starts curving, that is your entry point where you get onto the wave
right before it takes off. And taking this pretty much to the market, this is your entry
confirmation for you to enter the trade right before the trade takes off. And the last one,
which is I think the most important is I don't know if you're trying to surf at night with the
sharks. So I think you'd want to surf during the day when there's sun and as you know there's not that
many sharks so it's the same thing in the market you want to make sure that you're trading at a
time when there's more volume versus not very simple analogy everything i've explained so far
is to simply get out of that original starting balance this is so you can get out of that
hundred dollar point which honestly it's the hardest point you want to make sure you have
the textbook trading rules and you want to make sure that you are not greedy and you're not selling
forgetting too much and you want to make sure that you obviously are taking the trade at the
right session this is all cool right this is going to get you from the hundred to about three four
hundred dollars but now how do you actually take that into the 2700 well that actually leads me to
my next point which is going to be scaling in to the account so this is actually very tricky and
it can be very risky but obviously sometimes things with high risk have a high reward so
scaling into the trade is probably one of the most tricky things because you don't know when
to do it or how to do it and you don't know when to do it and you don't know when to do it or how
you to know if it's the right thing to do and when is it the right thing to do so when it comes to
scaling into a trade you can only scale into a trade that you're not using your own money what
does that mean how am i risking something that i'm not using my own money let me explain so the
way i scaled with i think it was 450 dollars where i took it to about a thousand two hundred dollars
on the hundred to the mail challenge is i would risk out of that four hundred dollars i would risk
two hundred dollars
on a trade and as soon as that trade is two hundred dollars in profit not only am i going to
risk those two hundred dollars in profit but that confirms to me that my trade is now going in that
direction so you never want to scale into a trade that is in drawback because that means the trade
is not going in your favor so why would you put more money into something that is going against
what you originally thought if something is going where you originally thought then you're gonna put
more money on it to keep it as a simple analogy let's say you're betting on horse races and your
horse that you bet on is in first place and they're gonna let you bet more money on that horse
to win well you're gonna want to do that because if your horse is in first place you're gonna want
to keep betting more money because he's pretty much gonna be the winner but let's say you have
a race with the horses and the horse that you bet on is the last place and you're gonna keep
betting on him to win you're destined to lose your money that makes no sense
so you're gonna only want to bet more money if they're winning well the market lets you do this
if you're in profit in the trade and the trade's going in your favor you scale in and you add more
positions confirming once your trade is in profit so the way you do this is for example with the
horse races let's say you have the horse race and the horse is halfway through the race and you bet
two hundred dollars and you can close your position halfway through the race at two hundred dollars
the position there and as soon as you close it you get that money and you bet it again into the
market so if the horse for whatever reason loses the race you're not break even you don't lose the
money but if you win you win another two hundred dollars which is on free money so this is exactly
what the market lets you do but instead of you actually closing the trade since you're using
leverage and margin you're able to actually use that margin from the account that is floating in
profit so you can actually bet another two hundred dollars and the way that this is possible
is you simply go to your platform where you took the trade and you just take another one and then i
entered the same exact trade with the same exact entry signal during the next session and that
ended up giving us a nice push where now we have the account at twenty seven hundred dollars now
keep in mind your entry is going to be a little bit later than your first one same thing how when
you bet on the race your bet is not going to be at the beginning it's going to be halfway through
the race so your payout is not going to be the same keep that in mind but
obviously in the markets you can let that run a little bit longer you can minimize your risk so
on and so forth the point is when it comes to scaling in is that you want to only scale in
when you are already in profit you do not ever want to scale in when you're in drawdown and this
is what a lot of beginner traders make a mistake in because they think that they can never be wrong
they think that if the trade goes against them it's giving them a better entry it's giving them
a higher entry buddy that's that's not
this works if your trade is going against you you're wrong you should not be risking more money
on something that you're wrong you only start risking more money when something starts going
in your favor so to simplify the scaling in is simply taking on more positions at a lower risk
to reward rate but it's actually higher reward overall with a lot less risk because you're only
taking scaled in trades when the position is already confirmed that it is going into your
direction it's pretty simple and this actually leads me to my next point which is going to
be the take profit right because i would strategically scale into trades only to
double the account either two or three x the account i would never really ask for more than
that because not only would that be exceeding my weekly take profit but i would realize that it's
gonna mess with my psychology i'm telling you guys right now there is no other feeling like
flipping an account you flip an account and you feel like you're a superman you feel like you're
anything because you have a superpower you can make a lot of money with no money and you're
pretty much 200 300 xing something within the hour within the day where hedge funds take 10 years to
do that so it's a very incredible feeling but it is also a double-edged sword that can be very
very very tragic to your strategy and to your account so the way you remove that factor and
that side of the sword is by simply having targets to hit and once you hit them you are done
for the week
this obviously takes a very strong mindset and it takes a lot of willpower to actually close
a position knowing that it has potential to do more but you have to do that because you have to
stay true to yourself and true to your trading plan so as i'm scaling into these trades and as
i'm risking more money on them i would simply close out as soon as i doubled or tripled the
account as soon as i doubled or tripled the account i am done for the week i do not care
if there's another amazing opportunity because even though
i might think it's super amazing my mindset is not fully there my ego is through the roof
my emotions are high like you get this high off the market that there's just nothing that can
compare to it so the easiest way to not let that influence you to either risking more or breaking
your rules is by simply cutting yourself out of the market as soon as you doubled or tripled your
account if you break that rule you're going to see how that edge of the sword will come back to you
now that we bring up this two three x on the account i want to make something extremely clear
this is not something that is sustainable this is not something that you can do and make a living
out of trading i only recommend to flip accounts when you have had this as your third or fourth
account in your actual trading meaning you're supposed to have a personal account then a funded
account then potentially a higher risk account
a flipping account this flipping account should never ever be number one on your list why because
it is not something that is sustainable it is not something that you can live off of it is not
something that you can do week after week month after month it can go great for two three weeks
and then go terrible for a month as it did for me for me it was great for two months and in one
week i blew absolutely everything so you don't want to have this gambling mindset
you can think that you will be a successful trader consistently having these high risk
positions because it simply will not work the faster you treat this as a fun account the faster
you will succeed the faster you don't the faster you will fail you need to treat this account as an
account that this does not matter it is not a priority you tap into it whenever you want
it is simply to have fun if you lose the money who cares it's a fun account if you make money
who cares it's a fun account don't be entitled to the losses or the wins on this account this
is going to be crucial to your longevity and it will factor in greatly into your personal account
your funded account and your low to medium risk account if you treat this one as the last one with
no respect as you should it should not affect your other three accounts keep that in mind because this
is going to be your longevity in the markets where you don't want your psychology to go out the window
and this mindset is what i teach my students every single week once we get on a call every
single sunday where i give them my top two and top three pairs that i trade for the week my students
were actually part of the hundred to the million dollar challenge and they actually saw every single
trade that i caught and they were catching them as well these trades that i give to my students
every single week lets them make anywhere from a thousand to a thousand five hundred dollars a week
as a beginner set and forget trader and if it's your first time you're
hearing center forget don't worry about it i can understand if you don't understand it so i left
the video for you guys in the link below where it explains to you exactly what set and forget means
and how it lets traders make anywhere from a thousand to a thousand five hundred dollars a
week as a beginner center forget strategy and this is the exact same strategy that i use to turn
a hundred dollars into three hundred thousand dollars in under two months and i didn't do it
alone i did it with all of my students inside of the discord where they get on a call with me every
so if you want to know more about the center figure strategy make sure you click the link
in the description below where that video explains absolutely everything what we're about
and if you do i'll see you inside


==============================
VIDEO 018 — How to Grow a Small Forex Account So Fast It Feels Illegal-McRKOYBcAiI
==============================

very recently i have just turned this hundred dollars into a million dollars over the course
of 90 days and you want to know what surprised you guys the most it definitely wasn't when i
was about two weeks away of making the million dollars by taking 100k into 300 and 300k into
a million it's actually when i turned these hundred dollars into three thousand dollars
it's the most viewed and the most watched series every single time i do the challenge and you know
what that needs me to understand that you guys are trying it and trying to take the challenge
on for yourself which i'm absolutely flattered and i love it and that is the reason for this
video today i'm going to give you the tips and tricks on how i turned the 800 into 3 000 in the
challenge and how you can turn a small account from 50 to 100 bucks to maybe 500 a thousand or
even a couple of thousand dollars in just 30 days and now before i start i want to leave something
really clear flipping accounts or growing small accounts is not going to make you profitable just
because you can take 50 dollars into 500 or 100 into a thousand that does not mean that you are
profitable trade that just means that you know how to scale an account aggressively and quickly
but to become a profitable trader you have to learn how to properly manage money and consistently
make profits month after month flipping accounts and growing small accounts is not the way
to become a constantly profitable trader this is something that intermediates and advanced traders
do on the free time to just make trading a bit more exciting because once you're profitable
trust me trading gets very very boring so to clarify i do not recommend flipping accounts if
you are a beginner or if you want to make this type of trading your main source of income flipping
is definitely not the way it's more of the fun way to bring some spice into the action of the trading
which is probably one of the most important things if you want to get into this flipping
game and growing small accounts is you have to have the new fisherman mindset now you're probably
asking what the hell does that mean well let's say it's your first time going out to fish it's
your first time buying a new rod putting on a hook putting on the bait into the hook your first time
that you get a rod your hook and the bait and you cast it it's probably not the first time you're
going to catch the fish you're either probably not even fishing at the right spot the bait comes
and maybe a fish grabs on but you didn't tie the hook on good enough there's multiple mistakes
that you can make but it's very easy for you to grab on and fix to it the same thing is going
to happen to you if it's your first time growing a small account you might maybe be trading the
right market you might not be trading at the right time or you don't have the right entry
signal and might just lose the account and i need you to be on the fisherman mindset because just
because the first time you cast out the bait and you don't catch a fish you're not going to just
leave and never try it ever again you're going to simply
reel back in your hook put out another bait and try it again it's the exact same thing when you're
growing a small account if the first time you end up blowing your account which is small amounts of
money and should not be significant to you you just simply try it again because it's a small
account that you're trying to go you're not trying to make a living off of this just doing
this for fun and giving a little spice into trading this is very key to the longevity of you
growing a small account because you're not emotionally attached to the money and you're just
spicing into it you're not doing it to make money you're doing it to have fun and then obviously
in turn you will make money so now that we understand that let's go into step number one
which is truthfully the most important step and if you do this correctly you're already ahead of
the game of 99 of traders that are going to try and grow and scale a small account and
i'm going to be very straightforward and very simple with this rule and it is as simple as
it gets do not over complicate it do not try to find a different way around it
this and it's this there's nothing around it step number one is going to be to find
the best possible trade to be your first trade there's no way around it you need your first trade
to give you the best entry the minimum drawdown and the maximum risk to reward you're literally
growing a small account the hardest part is getting out of the hole getting out from that
small fifty dollar balance or a hundred dollar balance to then scale it to a couple hundred or
thousands of dollars you're
going to need to find the perfect trade it might not happen the same week you deposit into your
account it might not even happen the next week so you have to be patient waiting for that right
trade do not settle for any trade that is nothing under perfect because you need the trade to be
able to give you the maximum amount of profit so then you can leverage the profits that you make
on your account to then scale without having to risk all of your money but if the first trade
that you take is going to be a trade that is uh
50 50 and you're not sure about it do not execute that trade wait for the best possible trade
scenario again you're not making a living off of this you're not doing this for the money you're
doing this for fun to spice up your trading a little bit so waiting for that right trade is
going to be key to growing your small account and getting you out of the hole it can take four days
it can take one day it can take a week but i want you before you click the buy or the sell button
when you're going to execute your first trade you're going to want to make sure that you're not
making any emissions or anything you're going to have any risks the first thing you're asking yourself
is this the best possible trade that i can be taking at this very moment if the answer is no
then wait for another trade if the answer is yes double check and then execute the trade on that
very best trade that you have just found and you have been waiting for and when i mean double
check i mean double check the reasons on why you're entering the trade are you entering the
trade because all of your confidences have been met are you entering the trade at the right
trading session the use of the Vertical models are a big part of the process of making ends meet
and when you take a trade the answers will be clear and you don't want to have to be in the middle
of it until you've got a trade that is completely innocent and looked out of sync with nobody else
and you don't want to have any kind of traction between you and the other party that you're
you have your entry signal? Do you have positive risk to reward? Am I taking an impulsive trade
or is this a real trade that meets my strategy? Because at the moment of you being in front of
the markets, you might be seeing things that you shouldn't be seeing because you just want to
execute the trade right away and be involved into the market. But if right before you click that
buy or sell button, you double check everything, which almost gives you a different reality check
and a different perspective on the market, you decide, you know what? Yeah, it does make sense.
You know what? No, I'm making an impulsive decision. So double checking is always key when
it comes to taking your first trade on growing your small account. Step number two on growing
your small account, which is basically as important as the first step is going to be
holding your trade. I cannot stress to you how many of you guys will select the first trade,
the best possible trade possible. But when you have just made a little bit
of money, you're going to be holding your trade. So double checking is always key when it comes
to taking your first trade on growing your small account. But when you have just made a little bit
of money on your account, you close it. You cut your profits so fast and you are literally
defeating the whole purpose of waiting for the best possible trade. When you wait for the best
possible trade that meets your checklist and meets your trading plan, it is literally for you to
maximize those profits. Don't rest for a one-to-one risk to reward or even a one-to-two
risk to reward. Aim for the one-to-three, one-to-four, one-to-five. This is what waiting
for the best possible trade is. So double checking is always key when it comes to taking your first
trade is the outcome of maximizing your profits and minimizing your losses. You want to make sure
that you can hold as long as you possibly can, because once you risk your account on your first
trade, you want to make sure you can maximize it as much as you can. So when you close out at
the max profits you have, then you do not have to then risk all of that money again on the next
trade. So you want to maximize your profits. So then you have more money into the account
that won't overexpose you and take you back. So then,
maximizing your profits is really different depending on the type of trade that you're doing.
If you're taking a day trade, you should be looking for a one-to-four to a one-to-five to a
one-to-six. If you're swing trading, you should be aiming for a one-to-five, one-to-six, one-to-seven
risk to reward. You want to make sure that you can maximize the most amount of profit out of
the trade you're taking. Now, keep in mind, if you're taking a scalp trade, can't really expect
to have a one-to-seven risk to reward just because of the nature of the market does not end up giving
you this type of moves. So depending on the type of trade that you're taking, make sure you can
maximize the amount of risk to reward that you're going to be having inside of that strategy. Now,
we all have different strategies and we all have different ways of looking at the markets. I'm
going to explain to you next on how I do it, but you got to make sure that you are familiar with
the type of trade that you're taking. So you know how to then maximize the profits there. And
another little hack that I have for you guys to maximize your profits is going to be to always
close your trades.
At the end of New York session. And you might be wondering why? Well, at the end of New York
session is literally at the end of all the push the market has had. And that's where you're going
to maximize your profits. Because if you enter a trade in London and then you hold throughout
London, and let's say you close at the end of London, beginning of New York, there's a whole
new volume. And if you have the right direction of the market, then that session is going to
continue to push a trade into your favor. How many times have you closed the trade?
And as soon as you close it, the trade keeps going into your take profit.
And then you miss out on all those profits. That sucks. It happens to me and I hate it.
And the way I've learned to maximize the profits is by waiting into the end of the day on New York
session to close out on the trade, because that is when all the move is done. And you're able
to close out at the final trade that the market has done. And step three is probably the hardest
one, which is going to be repeated. All you literally have to do is repeat step number one
and stepped over to it. That is literally what I did over the course.
Of three months turning $800 into a million. Now it's very hard to obviously wait for those
perfect trades. And I know it's very hard to then hold them as much as you can,
but it's even harder for them. You to be patient, to wait for those next trades.
But I promise you that as soon as you enter into that flow and you enter into that mindset
and you start normalizing, taking these types of trades only, then you're going to see how
much your small account is going to grow so much faster exponentially, because you're
simply taking the highest probability trade possible. And the highest probability trade
possible is the way I do it. And the way I analyze it are going to be off of three basic foundations.
And I do this for every single one of my trades on my personal accounts, on my growing accounts,
on my flipping the hundred into the mill. These three things are exactly what I did.
You can go see it for yourself in the hundred to the mill series that I have done.
Step number one. And the most important is going to be
two consecutive timeframes in sync. For example, if you want to buy the market,
you want to have the weekly and the daily in your favor that are bullish. If the weekly
is bullish, the daily is bearish, and the four hour is bullish, you have three markets that are
all over the place. There's no consecutive timeframes. You should not be interested in
the trade. You should only be interested in the trade if you have either the weekly bullish,
the daily bullish, or the daily bullish. If you have either the weekly bullish, the daily bullish,
and let's say the four hour is bearish, that's fine because you have two consecutive timeframes
in sync to the upside and then buy. Or let's say you have the weekly bearish, but the daily bullish
and the four hour bullish. This is good because you have two consecutive timeframes in sync
heading in the direction that you would want to. Now, obviously the same thing would happen
if you were selling. If you have the weekly bullish, but then the daily and the four hour
are bearish, that's fine because you have two consecutive timeframes in the same direction to
them. So having the consecutive timeframes is you trading with the trend. So we've all heard the
term, the trend is your friend, and trust me, it is. So for example, you can take Euro JPY,
where I started off the week saying that I wanted to make $250,000 by the end of the week. And
I did because I literally waited for the market to give me the two consecutive timeframes in sync.
This is going to be key for you guys to understand that you don't always have to
wait for three timeframes, but you need to have a minimum of three.
Minimum of two. And in this case, we ended up holding the trade for about three days
and we got about a one to 2.5 versus two reward where we made a quarter million dollars. You don't
always have to wait for three timeframes in sync. Two timeframes is more than enough,
but two timeframes is not enough to just execute the trade. You're going to need the next point,
which is going to be area of interest. Where are you going to be entering the trade
in this market that's bullish or in this market that's bearish. If the market is bullish,
you need to find a key level to then buy if the market is bearish you need to find a key level
to then sell just because the market's bullish you can't just buy because the market's going up
or the market's going down you can't just sell because the market's going down you have to wait
for a very precise pullback into a specific zone where then there you're going to apply the next
step but the area of interest is even as important as the trend because if you don't have price
pull back into this area you do not execute the trade the best analogy that i can put to this
is when you are going to let's say buy a an investment let's say you're going to buy a real
estate investment you don't ever want to buy at the high of the market let's say you're going to
buy a property for a hundred thousand dollars and that is the maximum that the home is valued at
in that neighborhood that's not a great investment you want to wait for the property to have
some type of time in the market so then you have room for negotiation
you want to wait for the property to have some type of time in the market so then you have room
for negotiation and you can make an offer for let's say eighty thousand dollars and then if you
were to make an offer for eighty thousand dollars after two months of it being on the market and
nobody else has bought it and you make the offer for 80 and they accept it visually on the chart
what you see is price go up to a hundred thousand then retrace to 80 that's where you buy and then
you hold for the next year or two and then the price continues to go up you're waiting for the
discount on the real estate it's the exact same thing on the market when the market is bullish
you're waiting for the pullback that is the discount that you're going to be waiting for
the market so then you execute the trade and then you buy so on this discount that you're waiting
for the market as soon as you start seeing that retracement and it's going into the area of
interest you then need the reason on why you're going to enter so it's going to be known as the
entry signal now in trading there's many different types of entry signals but the ones that i use
are going to be the most important to me in my strategy and the most powerful that i have seen
over the last course of seven years of trading the market
trading the market
one is going to be morning star formation and the evening star formation and now the key of these
two patterns is that it happens at the area of interest now almost at the area of interest or
away from the area of interest is at the area of interest once price has made it to the area of
where it's the perfect discount then you have the entry signal there then you take the trade
you do not take the trade even if you have the entry signal if it's not at the
area of interest this is going to be very key for you to avoid wake outs fake outs liquidity grabs
all these different type of excuses that traders put into the market on why they got stopped out
i barely ever get wicked out or stopped out because i wait for the trade to make it to the
area of interest and the best analogy that i can put on these entry signals it's as if you are
interested in buying someone for a hundred thousand prices starting to retrace and have
a pullback and get a discount eighty thousand and the reason for you to enter is the entry signal
the direction that you could make the entry signal if you had already flowered into the telling section
enter that investment is that a home five doors down just sold for 95 000 and that current house
you're looking to invest into is still priced at 80 that is your entry signal meaning if you buy
this property the comparables around you are going up which makes it a great investment this is very
similar in the markets but you're going to have that entry signal or that confirmation of the
next property being sold at a higher price when you have these entry signal confirmations but again
the most important thing is that you have the entry signal at the area of interest and lastly
is going to be the risk management risk management is key to this because obviously you're growing a
small account you need to obviously have a proper risk management and truthfully let's be honest
there's no real real real risk management here there's no real one percent two percent you're
never going to grow
a small account like this you're not going to risk one percent of a hundred dollars you're not going
to risk one dollar respectfully it just won't make sense of your time and it's not going to be worth
your headspace and the efforts you're going to put into the market the first trade you're going
to take has to be 100 risk of the account if you are not okay with risking a hundred dollars then
you are not ready to grow a small account this is meant for people that are okay with risking a
hundred dollars and it does not affect them financially and it's not a financial burden
unless you want the fundamental benefits
profit you're going to just do the first trade you're going to risk 100 maximize your profits and then on the following trades you're then going to be risking anywhere from 30 to then 50 and win the next trade and then you get a one one two three one to four then every trade after that you're going to risk 20 to 25 but no more than 20 to 25 this is going to be very key to then successfully staying positive on the account because if you're doing the single pot לע
start off with $100. Then you take it to about four to 500. Then you risk 50% of that. So then
you're risking 200 bucks and you got another one to three. Now you have just turned the account
balance of 400 into about a thousand. And then you can just risk 20% of that, which you're risking
200 bucks per trade. This is very key by simply risking 100% on the first trade, 50% on the second,
and then 20 to 25 on the third and so on. And most importantly is to have a take profit of
your account. My goal is to take this hundred dollars into 500 or take this hundred into a
thousand or 4,000, 5,000, whatever goal it is that you want to take, be realistic to it. And
once you get there, withdraw the money and do it again. Do not get greedy. Do not whine, try to
make more money than you should stay to the plan and do not break it for anything.
Being greedy in the markets will mess up everything that you've done. And these take
profits are things that I do every single week for my personal account. Literally on this Euro
JPY trade, I started off the week saying, you know what? I want to make $250,000 for the week.
The trade hit exactly $251,000 and I could have gotten a lot more profit, but that's all that I
wanted for the week. These are things that I constantly do with my students every single
Sunday. When I break down the exact same trades that I'm taking, where I'm going to be making
profits like these and profits like these.
I literally share with them every single Sunday on a call that we get called Sunday swings,
where I break down every single trade on what I'm looking to do, where I'm looking to enter and
where I'm looking to get out. They have access to my full strategy and part of the private
Discord community. If you want to learn more about the set and forget strategy and how it's
made me hundreds of thousands of dollars, make sure you guys check out the link in the description
below because it's where I'm going to be getting on weekly calls with my students, sharing my
trades. Hope you guys hit that like and subscribe button and we'll see you guys in the next one.
Bye.


==============================
VIDEO 019 — How To Make 'F＊ck You' Money With Day Trading in 2025-nOUJcxt9Ugk
==============================

how to do trading in 2025 for beginners even intermediate and advanced well i did about a
four hour video about a year ago where i literally taught you how to trade from zero to 100 but this
is a much more simplified version from that four hour log video and i want you to learn today
fast quick and easy because truthfully who the fuck wants to watch a four hour video nobody nobody
has time for that we want to learn today and make money today that's exactly what this video is
about and the importance of that is i'm going to show you the things that you only need the last
video i wasted a lot of time telling you the stuff that you don't need and i probably overwhelmed you
for no reason in this video it's exactly what you need to take a trade alongside with me together
right now on this video we're going to take a trade together and i can almost guarantee you
that by the end of the time you watch this video that trade is in profit because this 2025 tutorial
is about to be crazy so welcome to the no bullshit trading and welcome to how to become
a beginner
trader 2025 once and for all so we do have to start at some point which is what is forex what
is this currency exchange market why is everybody flexing profits flying in private jets and having
supercars well the foreign exchange market is literally everywhere all around the world
every single country participates in the foreign exchange market if there's a country with a
currency they are already involved in the currency exchange where money is transferring from one bank
to the other
being exchanged from one currency to the other currency and this is a 6.3 trillion dollar market
every single day this is a whole lot bigger than the stock exchange market by a mile and a lot
bigger than the crypto market the foreign exchange market is by far the biggest market that moves the
most amount of money and has the most opportunity to make money other than any other market out
there that's why there's so many people flexing profits making money trading forex so the way it
works is that you're basically you're going to be able to make a lot of money and you're going to
be exchanging one currency for the other so it's like let's say you were exchanging money to buy a
house or you're exchanging a car to buy another car you're exchanging one thing for the other but
you're actually doing it with real currency the euro versus the japanese yen the japanese yen
versus the canadian dollar the pound versus the dollar the list goes on forever but the key is that
you are never actually exchanging one currency for the other you're never turning your usd into euro
into the japanese yen that's not how you make money trading for it you make money trading forex
betting that one currency is going to get stronger than the other it's not simpler than owning shares
or owning different type of currencies all around the world because truthfully that would just be a
mess and make this process very hard you're just betting that one currency is going to get stronger
or weaker compared to the other currency on a short term medium term or long term game so as
currency is going to get stronger than the other for example euro usd let's say you buy euro usd
doesn't mean that you're buying the euro and selling the dollar you're just predicting that
the euro will get stronger than the dollar or if you are selling euro usd doesn't mean you are
selling the euro and then buying the dollar you're simply just betting that the dollar is going to
get stronger than the euro and the way you make money here is the market is going to move in
whatever direction and there's going to be other people involved in the other direction so if you
bet a hundred dollars that it's going to go up somebody around the world whether it's a broker
an individual trader or retail trader institution they have that same liquidity in the market keep
in mind this is a 6.6 trillion dollar market i guarantee you every single time you go place
a trade in the market there is somebody on the opposite side of that market with that same exact
money so
if i buy euro usd and you sell euro usd one of us is going to make money because the market has to go
up or it has to go down and whenever the market goes into either or of our favor whenever we
close out we get the profit from that other trader institution retail trader that they have
placed into the market you're not actually taking it out of their account but it's just inside of
this cloud where all of this 6.6 trillion dollars is being moved
every single day and now don't worry this sounds a little too complex don't worry later throughout
this video i'm going to literally take a trade with you i'm going to show you how i put the
money into the market how we take a trade how we take the money out of the market and then we take
the money from the broker and we take it to our bank account it's a very simple process everything
should take about 5 to 10 minutes so in order for you to execute these trades and you determine if
you want to buy a market or sell a market you have to be looking at a chart these are these
charts that go up and down and you see everybody posting and who's going to sell the market who's
going to do it we don't have a market we need to determine who is selling the market who is into
what market to be selling a market for the rest of these 10 outlets and then we are going to make
posting and truthfully, this probably looks like it's Chinese to you and you don't understand what
the hell is going on here. Well, I'm here to tell you, I don't speak Chinese and I understand these
things better than I understand my girlfriend. This, I have a better relationship than I have
with my girlfriend and so can you. And it's very easy and I'm going to show you how to do that.
Now that we are here on the markets, what I did in the last video is I wasted a lot of time
explaining to you the things that I do not use on this platform. And I broke them down and
explained them in detail for truthfully, no reason. I'm going to explain to you exactly what I use
inside of this platform. Everything else that I don't explain, I do not use and it's total
bullshit. It is not necessary. The best example and analogy that I can give you on this is like
your car. You get into your car and I'm sure your car has a bunch of buttons and a bunch of settings
and a bunch of different shit that you truthfully never use. What you care about is when you turn
on the car, the steering wheel works, the brake and the et cetera.
The AC and the stereo system. If all that is good, you're going to get to your destination
perfectly. This exact same thing here. There's a lot of extra things here that are not needed.
All I care about is what the price is being reflected, that my wicks are on point and some
of the tools that I need to draw up the drawings on the chart for it to make sense. And you don't
need to understand absolutely everything on this platform to make money trading, be profitable,
or even understand how to use this platform. So let's get right into it. As soon as you create
your account on trading,
view, you're going to go in here and you're going to add a pair. Simplest way to add a pair is you
type up any pair. For example, let's say Euro USD. As soon as you click Euro USD, you can go and
click on it. And as you're going to see how the chart will pop up, you want to add it to your watch
list for whatever reason is the currency per you want to add. You hover over this flag and then you
just simply tap it and then you put whatever color on which section you want to put on it. That
section will pop up in this section here.
Here's,
we're going to have a list of the things that we're going to add to this list. So we're going to
have all your different types of currency pairs, all different types of symbols, cryptos, stocks,
anything that has a chart will be able to be added here onto your watch list. You can split your
watch list by colors. Each color that you add can signify something for you. Truthfully, I have
everything blue. Keep all my markers in the same spot. I watch them all the time and it is a lot
better than constantly having to go to different folders to look for them. In here, as you can tell,
I have a lot of different markets added because I trade a lot of different markets and I'm always
looking for new opportunities to make money in the markets because when one market is moving choppy,
I go in and move on to another one. If you stay just watching one market, the market could be
choppy for days, weeks, months, and you're limiting your opportunity to execute a profitable strategy
on a market that is giving you a great trade setup that is having great trending moves and so
on. So once you add all of your currency pairs to your watch list, once again, say I want to add GBP,
USD to add GBP, USD, you click on the color option here or you click on the chart and you're
going to notice how GBP, USD will pop up right here. For whatever reason, you want to take it
out, you can just click the little trash button or you can just click the color option right here
and then it will remove it from your watch list. Aside from that, everything else in here other
than the symbol, I don't know what the hell this means. I don't know what this means or this means.
None of this means anything to me. Obviously, I understand. It's,
what the price is at that point. But for me, I rather just go to the chart and see how it's
being reflected. I don't need to look at the numbers. I like to look at the charts. The numbers
don't tell me anything. The charts tell me everything. Aside from that, on the top over
here, you have a couple of buttons, which I never use any of these buttons here. The alarms is the
only section where I actually dive a little bit deeper in because if I am waiting for a trade to
reach a certain point, but I'm going to be
at the gym, I'm going to be out on the road and I'm not in my computer actively watching the
markets, I set an alarm and the alarm notifies me like if it was a phone call. The market literally
calls me and says, hey, letting you know, trade is here. It doesn't actually call you. It's just
an alarm that notifies you that the market is at that point. So if you want to place an alarm,
it's very simple. You just go here onto the chart. You're going to get this little plus
sign right here. As soon as you click on it, you can click add alert and then you're going to see
how you're going to have an active alert and it'll be here pending on the chart for whatever
reason you want to go and you want to remove it. You click here, the garbage can, she don't want
to delete it. It deletes it for you. This is the history of all of my alarms and I'm going to tell
you right now, I got a lot more excited when the market calls me than my girlfriend. So place as
many alarms as you want. Gives you a lot better feeling and it doesn't complain and it makes you
money. I think it's great. Aside from that, I don't know what the hell this is. I don't know
what this is. And I don't know what this is.
Here. I don't associate myself with any of these other sections other than just where my currency
pair list is. On top over here, you're going to have your basic back button. So let's say that
you draw something and for whatever reason you go ahead and then you delete it. You want it back,
click this, it goes right back. Pretty straightforward. Replay button. This is
if you want to back test. You go to this point in the charts and if you want to replay it,
you can click down here. The market will go ahead and play itself.
And it will be able to give you an idea of how you back test.
But personally, I am very against back testing. I don't think back testing is good for any trader.
I actually think back testing does damage to traders. I think it creates this false expectation
of how the market is going to move. And the fact that you can see what you just erased,
it's kind of like you're cheating. It's like you're going to take a test. You're going to
look at the answers and then you're going to take the test. How the fuck do you want me to do?
does that make any sense it's like right now all right tell me what happened when the market got
here what you just saw it you just erased it yourself so to me it's a form of cheating and
again for this to happen on this move this market took exactly about about seven days you're gonna
play seven days of the market in 15 seconds that is very unrealistic and it's really bad for your
mental psychology because what you're doing is you're creating this false expectation that the
market is going to move that fast the hardest part of being a trader is sitting on your hands
whether it's before entering a trade or while you are in a trade and back testing messes all of that
up so i don't ever recommend to do it there's another section for the alarms you can type up
the currency pair put the price and basically create it for me i never use this option i
always go to the chart directly and i just click this plus sign
wherever i want to add the alarm this button i've never used it indicators is only necessary
if you want to add indicators i personally the only have one indicator and i use the 50 ema
so my input is 50 source is close offset zero method sma and length is 50 this is the only
ema that i use and truthfully this does not make or break any trades for me so this 50 ema
does not determine if i should enter a trade or not it is literally just an added confluence
to give you a perspective on how important this is to me take if you're going to go buy a car
and they say that they're going to wash the car for you put tire shine and give you free gas that
does not mean you're going to buy the car because of that just sweetens up the deal a little bit
it's the exact same thing here the ema sweetens up the trade that i'm going to be interested in
following that in this section here you can see that we have
these different types of way on how the market could be seen you can see the market in this
different type of format other than candlesticks we have these boxes you have areas you have
columns there's never ending different ways on how you can see the market i personally
will only and ever analyze the markets on candlesticks it is the most effective and
it is the simplest way on how you can do it if you do not trade with candlesticks you
are simply not trading
trading correctly. Sometimes, occasionally, I will analyze with the line chart because the line
chart is easier to identify market structure. Market structure, you can tell if the market
is bullish or if the market is bearish. You can identify a trend, place an area of interest. You
just see the real raw structure of the market versus when you are on the candlestick chart,
you could get a little distracted because of these big wicks and rejections, and it could
cause some confusion. But the importance is the market structure, and you can read that to the
bodies of the candlesticks. If you notice, wherever the bodies of the candlesticks are,
which I'm going to get into detail now on how these candlesticks actually work,
where these bodies are is exactly where the structure point is. So it's just a simpler way
of looking at the markets without having all these candlesticks. Next to that, you have all
the timeframes. There's many different timeframes out there. I personally only use the weekly,
daily for.
Hour, two hour, one hour, 30 minutes, 15 minutes. And as you can see, I have a star in them because
then they favorite it and leave them up here. If I want to add another timeframe, I just put a star,
pops it up here. If I don't want it, take off the star and it removes it. This plus sign and
currency pair, it's a different way on how to search up for a pair, exactly how we did earlier.
But for me, I rather just have to just type it. It's the exact same thing,
and you don't have to click here. Now, this is just where your profile is,
and under all of that are the different tools that you can possibly use. Last time I wasted too
much time explaining all these unnecessary tools, which truthfully, how the hell do you even use
this to identify a trade? Like what the hell is that? It's impossible. So to avoid wasting time
and bombarding you with unnecessary information, these are the only tools that you will be needing.
The horizontal line, the horizontal array, the trend line,
box, rectangle, brush, eclipse, text, half, long position, short position, head and shoulders,
and rotated rectangle. Everything else that is inside of here, all these different patterns,
all these different Elliot waves, all these different angles and cycles has absolutely no
use, and you will never be profitable by using them. Once again, how the hell does this tell
you if the market's going to go up or down?
This looks like a greenhouse. You ever seen a greenhouse where they grow tomatoes or onions?
This is what that looks like. That is not going to make you profitable. And then moving down,
you have one of the most important tools I would say is the measuring tool. This measuring tool
measures how much time something is and how long in pips something is. I mainly use it for the
time. So if you see, as I go to the right, this little option here is increasing because that is
where this market moves. For example, this market from this point to where it is now was 20
days and there was 14 bars. If we go from here to here, this market moved from this point from
where this line is to where this line is 99 days and it has 69 bars. This is a form of measuring
time and pips pretty much. This plus sign I've never used. Everything under here I've never used
except this I right here. You guys, sometimes you could get a little
lost if you have a bunch of different drawings on your chart and sometimes you just want to see
what the market looks like without them. Instead of having to delete them, you simply remove all
the drawings and then you can put them right back. It's an easier way on how to get a clear visual
of what the market is doing. This section over here. I don't know what the hell this is. It's
a bunch of random numbers that are always moving whenever I'm moving the tool, I have no use for
it. Down here. You can see that this is the date of where the market is. So if I were to go to the
bottom of this candlestick right here, I look at the bottom. That is Monday, 13th, January 25th.
If I go over here, Friday, 22nd, November, 2024, just a way of measuring the time of where the
market is at that very point. And this is just what the value is. Picture it as Bitcoin. This
is the price of Bitcoin right now. It's at 96,000 up here. The high was 109,000 for the currency.
Pairs is the exact same thing. This is what the currency pair is worth right now. 0.627. And the
little time under it is how much time each candlestick is left per timeframe that you are.
For example, right now we are in the daily timeframe. This daily timeframe has one hour
and 54 minutes left before it closes. Or the four hour has the exact same time. If I go to
the 30 minutes, the 30 minute has about 23 minutes left before this candlestick.
It closes and it's basically never ending per each timeframe. This is an overall gist of what
trading view is very advanced, three straight to the point, only focusing on the things that
you need. There's so much more on this platform that I can spend hours talking about and telling
you why you don't need it. But what's the point in that are you care about is how to
analyze the market correctly, how to properly place your trade and how to read the market.
You don't.
to know what the tools are that's not going to help you how to read the market so now that you
understand how trading view works i'm going to explain to you how a candlestick works now keep
in mind what you are seeing is a direct representation of what the market is doing
in candlestick form what does that mean well let's say right now you're a hunter and you're
gonna go hunt in the woods everglades wherever hunter hunts i've never hunted in my life so i
have no idea but let's say you're gonna go hunt in the woods and you are chasing an elk you're
following their foot tracks these foot tracks is telling you where the elk is going where this
animal is going is it going up a mountain is it going down a creek is it walking in a straight
line is it doing circles it tells you exactly what the elk has done if the elk has laid down
if it took a shit you can see it in the trail because it's literally
where the elk is and where the elk is going this is the exact same thing your usd is the elk and
this is the trail of your usd what we are doing is following the trail of your usd but in candlestick
format you follow the tracks of an elk because the hooves are left on the ground those are your
candlesticks when you're hunting and you can tell by looking at the hoof if it's a male elk if it's
even is an elk may it might be a bear it might be a really bad situation but you can identify what
animal you are following when it comes to the markets you could identify if this market is
moving fast if this market is moving slow if this market is moving in the trend that you want is it
even trending you can identify everything by candlestick so whenever the market is moving
upwards the candlesticks are blue whenever the candlestick are moving downwards the candlesticks
are red and I mean when it's moving upwards that it's blue and downwards when it's red because just
because a candlestick is blue or red does not mean that that is the trend of the market does not mean
that that's where the market will be headed for the rest of the hour the rest of the day the rest
of the week the rest of the month that is just that current specific move perfect example let's
say an elk is going up a mountain the elk is not going to go up a mountain straight up because on
the way up to the mountain there's probably trees
there's probably big boulders you have to go up and around objects to then get to the top of the
mountain but there's times where the elk had to go down to go up this is the exact same thing here
just because there's some type of movements that move downwards and back up and downwards and back
up doesn't mean that every single time it goes up or go down that it's going to go in that direction
permanently there's an overall movement and these minor retracements is just part of the
doing its journey to get to the overall point so the candlesticks leave a trail and when a candlestick
opens it has one hour 30 minutes four hour whatever time frame you are on to create that
Trail so let's go to the 15 minute that we are in right now for example and this candlestick right
now currently as we are speaking it is creating a push to the upside now if that candlestick has a
retracement
that starts moving back to the downside it will leave a wick like how this one is right here that
is the trail of that candlestick at that very moment as of right now there is about three
minutes left before this candlestick closes and as soon as that candlestick opened it created a
little move to the downside so that kind of stick was red probably for a couple seconds and then it
kept pushing up so you guys can see right there the wick that that candlestick has already left
is because the market was
all the way at that high point at one point which is a couple seconds ago but it started
retracing a little bit so this wick is not confirmed into this candlestick does not close
once this candlestick closes then that move is 100 certain but meanwhile the time is running and
the candlestick is pushing the candlestick is not confirmed having a wick or no wick this wick right
here is the trail that the candlestick leaves behind
when there's a really really really big wick that means that price did not like that area the best
example that I could explain is if the elk was coming back down it saw let's say a potential
shooter and it completely ran up the mountain and did not like that area that is kind of the
direct representation of what a wick is when it comes to the market the market gets to a certain
point doesn't like it and then it rejects it and each different candlestick creates their own wicks
creates their own movements and have their own meaning obviously the higher the time frame the
stronger and the more respectable that candlestick is a candlestick that takes 15 minutes to form is
not going to be anywhere near as respected as a candlestick that takes one week to form or a day
to form or four hours to form the higher the time frame the more respected the candlestick is always
keep that in mind so as you guys can see there's about
15 seconds before this candlestick closes and I've seen some crazy shit in the past with like
three seconds to close this candlestick will literally fly up or fly down so you can never
you can never trust these candlesticks and so it does not fully close it is not a confirmation
until the candlestick doesn't close believe me you do not want to make that mistake so right
there you can see how a couple of minutes ago it was all the way up here it looked very bullish
and then now that it closed it has closed with a rejection meaning that
it could now head to the downside now once again you can't believe this candlestick that it's going
to now completely go to the downside because there's still a whole 15 minutes this can take
13 minutes being stuck here in the last three minutes it has the move to the upside you will
never know exactly what is going to happen and when when these candlesticks are being formed but
bodies are the strength of it and the wicks are the trail of it remember that now in order for you
need to have your money somewhere so you can execute these trades back in the 80s if you were
to want to enter a trade you would have to call a broker and be like hey I want to enter a trade
you will send the money you'll send the wire confirmation and then they'll take the trade
for you nowadays we're in the 21st century this is a lot faster now and you can do it within seconds
but using a broker is like using a bank account there's many great bank accounts and then there's
also shitty bank accounts there's great features on some and bad features on others
but there is trusted bank accounts and in order for you to pay somebody in order for you to pay
for a car in order for you to make your light bill payments in order for you to pay for your credit
card you need to have a bank account now a bank account is the same exact thing as a broker why
because this is where you're going to store your money put it into the broker and when you're in
the broker and you go execute a trade the broker will then deploy that trade into the markets the
you and the markets they make sure your trade gets executed on time and exactly where you want
and they make sure that your money is safe same thing as a bank account the bank account is the
middle person in between you and the person you want to pay they make sure that your money is
safe and that you pay your person on time and everything gets well now there is hundreds
thousands of different brokers out there I don't believe there is a best broker I believe that
there is a trusted broker this is the current broker that I use right now which is lqh markets
I've been using it for a very long time my whole entire community uses it and it is an option that
I if I were to recommend people to it would be this one if there were to be a different option
that I would recommend I would but this is the trusted one that I recommend there's many out
there that I'm sure that are better have better commissions they have better lots per sizing but
this is the one that I personally use I love it it is offshore crypto in and out quick and easy
deposits leverage one
500 and i personally put in a lot of money and i've taken out a lot of money the only con that
i would say is that this broker right now if you are in the u.s and you're trying to access it it
simply will not let you you got to turn on a vpn and then it will let you access this broker but
if you for whatever reason cannot access this broker with a vpn and you want another u.s version
broker of this i'll leave the link in the description for that broker as well so after
you create an account with lqh this is kind of what the inside will look like this is an account
that i created probably like two months ago with some students on how to actually create an account
deposit money do the whole nine with it and this is basically your portal so if you were to have
a bank account with chase bank of america or whatever bank in your country this is the inside
of your bank account this is where you're going to be able to see how much money you have
the different types of accounts
you're going to be able to see how much money you have
available and all of your transaction histories now this is just the bank account the bank account
is where your money is stored now there is a platform where you're going to be able to
send the money and execute trades onto the real markets now the simplest way that i can put this
analogy and i'm going to use a u.s version because i have u.s bank and i think the majority of the
audience is in the u.s let's say we would have a bank with chase bank and you want to send the
money to somebody else's chase bank you can use a couple different platforms you can use
zelle you can use cashapp you can use venmo you can use paypal you can use wire transactions
all of these different platforms is where the bank puts the money into and uses this platform
to execute that transaction and send it to someone else this is the exact same thing this broker is a
platform where then it's going to be able to send the money to someone else and then it's going to be able to
connect it to metatrader where on a metatrader you're going to then be able to execute your trade
whether you want to buy a trade sell a trade so on metatrader is not the platform where you're
going to be able to withdraw the money from paypal cash app zelle they never have your money
they're just the middleman of the people that get your money and put it into the market once the
money is made it goes back from that platform into the bank account so now that you understand all of
this it's time to actually execute a trade right now we're going to execute the trade together
exactly how i would so i'm going to take you through the full top down analysis the confluences
that i use and then the entry signal i'm going to take you guys through executing a trade and
even closing a trade i'm going to show you how in the matter of 10 minutes i can probably make 100
bucks like that so let's get started the first thing i do when it comes to analyzing a market
is going to be identifying the trend for example let's say we have this market right here this
market is a perfect example of a market that many traders would make a very big mistake on
many traders would approach this market i think that this market is currently bearish or they
would think that it's bullish the correct answer is that this market is currently bullish if we
were to look at the market structure on this market this is how it would look higher high
higher low and higher high this is the structure of this market higher high
or low higher high and now we are creating structure i know many of you might get confused
and consider this a higher low i personally do not consider anything that has one candlestick
as a point of structure you need at least two candlesticks for the market to then create
that proper market structure so you can consider it an elbow and then where the snake would turn
if there is some confusion for whatever reason you grab the head of the snake right here
and on your way back you ask yourself is this where the snake
turned or is that a little log on a road and it just continues to go through it
that's a little long in the road the snake never really changed direction at any given point
so for example this market would be a great market i would be interested in simply because
we're starting off with the weekly bullish next i would go down to the daily time frame
and many traders would make the exact same mistake at this point here you would probably think that
this market is either bullish or bearish i actually want to test you right now
quick go ahead and pause the video and let me know if you think this market is bullish or bearish
and then i'm going to correct you on it so this market is actually bullish this market went from
creating higher high higher low higher high higher low higher high lower low lower high lower low
lower high lower low and now this is a higher high and this is a potential higher low this is how this
structure looks so if we were to look at this on the line chart because we obviously used the
candl stick chart once again to look at the actual way the market represents it but then if we were
to look at it on the line chart you can see that all of these lines are on the body of
the structure points so you see for example that body right there if we take off the no gap
candlesticks you notice it's where the line chart has created a point of structure point of structure
is exactly the same as the structure aí point of structure İnbr wygląda lo di link hogy ngu pests
the bodies you notice right here these bodies you take out the candlesticks one
of structure on the retest of the bodies and then you notice it's the point of
structure the wicks are just the history is the trail of where the market was but
it's not where the market actually stood and closed that simplest example is
it's kind of like the trail of when the elk or the bear is walking through snow
and it kind of leaves like that drag but it's not where actually left the
footprint this wick is the exact same thing as that so when I'm looking for
the structure I'm looking for the bodies of the candlesticks I never actually go
to the line chart because if I go to the line chart I get too many unnecessary
market structure points that it really doesn't count I would never count this
right here as a structure point but if you look at it on the line chart it does
so you can use a line chart to kind of practice identifying
the higher high and higher low but I would never use it to determine if the
market is bullish or bears simply because it's not going to give you the
most accurate way that the market is actually moving you want to do it based
off of the candlestick that this market is showing you so this right here if
you notice it has two candlesticks as a big pull back yeah one candlestick and
then the other red candlestick there's a very clean elbow to me I would account
this as a lower low because this right here would be the lower high and then
this right here would be the
lower low if i were to look at this market like this and this market instead of continuing to
the upside and it would have created a big bearish move to the downside for example like this that
right there would be a very significant lower high point in the market this would have been a lower
low this would have been a lower high and then this would have been a lower low obviously that's
not the case scenario market heading to the upside but the principle still applies and this is
something that a lot of traders would make a mistake when analyzing the markets they'll either
overlook it or under look it so this market is bullish as well so we have the weekly bullish
and now the daily time frame bullish remember that we need a minimum of two time frames in
sync in order to execute a trade so now that we understand that the weekly and the daily is
bullish now then we go to the four hour on the four hour time frame let's take this test once
again it's okay to make mistakes it is part of the game this is how you learn
is this
market bullish or bearish pause the video take your time and select so you probably made another
mistake and it's totally fine because i'm here to teach you i'm here to help you this market is
actually bearish so i want you to know exactly why this market is bearish not because you just
made an assumption this is a higher high we then shifted obviously this structure in here lower
high lower low lower high lower low lower high lower low lower high and there's multiple
structure in here long story short lower high and lower low this is how this market structure is
currently looking at it went from creating higher highs and higher lows being bullish to then
shifting to being bearish so this market is currently bearish this right here at this point is
the lower high and then this point over here is then the lower low so we have weekly bullish daily
bullish and 4-hour bearish. We just need two consecutive time frames in sync to execute a
trade, meaning weekly or daily, or daily and 4-hour. In this case, we have the weekly and the
daily, which is good. Now we then move on to the next point, which is area of interest. Because
you can have the trend in your direction, but if you are not near an area of interest, the trade
simply does not make sense. For example, let's say we're looking at Bitcoin right now, for
example. And Bitcoin, let's pretend as soon as it created this high move right here, as soon as it
broke all-time highs and created all-time highs at 104.340. Yes, the weekly could be bullish because
this would be the higher high, this would be the higher low. Daily time frame would be bullish as
well. This over here would then be the higher high, then this would be the higher low. And then
the 4-hour time frame would be bullish as well. This over here would be the higher high, and this
would be the higher low. And then the 4-hour time frame would be bullish as well. This over here
would be the higher high, and this would be the higher low. And then the 4-hour time frame would be the
be the higher low. Oh wow, you have three consecutive time frames in sync. That means
that you should take the trade immediately. No, this is actually probably one of the worst
trades that you can possibly take. Because if everything is at a high point, where is your
take profit going to be? Where is there going to be a move for price to reach a recent point
of structure for then you to place your take profit? There's none because price is at a very
high point or vice versa if price is at a very low point. If everything is bullish and everything
is at the higher high, at the highest point, that is not a market you want to be trading. There is
no high probability trade setup in that market right there. That is actually a market you want
to stay away from. You want to execute markets that are bullish and have the trend in your favor,
but have an area of interest. For example, if you are a investor and you want to put money
into Bitcoin, you're not going to do that. You're not going to do that. You're not going to do that.
going to put money at the highest point you're going to wait for what i like to call a discount
you're going to wait for price to have some type of a retracement and as soon as it has that
retracement slash discount is when you will enter and this retracement and discount is also known
as price retracing to the area of interest once price comes back to this area of interest then
you can execute your trade and then here once you go execute your trade is where then it's going to
actually make sense in order for you to place your long position if you do not have a discount
there is going to be no place on where you can properly place your stop loss and where you can
properly place your take profit and we can just simply play this forward as a quick very simple
example here price had the retracement had the discount back to the area of interest all of
these three things are the same thing just set in a different way and as soon as it had a retracement
back into the area of interest you can see how it's going to be placed in the area of interest
price then decides to go back right up to the high now this is a very simple example of you simply
waiting for price to come back to the area of interest if price is not at the area of interest
you cannot execute a trade if you can write down a note that is very important big and bold letters
it would be this one if price is not at the area of interest you do not take the trade you want to
wait for a discount there's no discount there is no trade so back to the market
that we were analyzing we can very clearly identify that we can see on the weekly time frame
that we are indeed at an area of interest if you notice this area of interest has one two three
four rejections from this area a valid area of interest consists of three taps or more it can be
three levels of resistance three levels of support one resistance to support one support to resistance
one and one and one, it doesn't matter. As long as there's a minimum of three taps at this area,
this is a valid area of interest. If you notice right here, this would be then one tap. This
would be two taps. Then this would be three. And then this would be four. If we were to obviously
flip this chart around, it'd be the exact same thing. We would have three levels of support,
one level of resistance. We have four taps. This is a valid area of interest, which leads me to
understand that now we are then ready to look for the next thing because we are bullish on two
timeframes and we are at an area of interest. All we need in order for us to enter this trade
is simply an entry signal. And after our entry signal, which I'm going to explain now,
we then have to properly place our stop loss. Then we go calculate our risk. Then we execute
a trade. Just because you have a trend, area of interest and entry signal doesn't mean you go
execute the trade.
Now, you have to properly place your stop loss at the correct point. Then you risk on how much
you want to risk. Then you execute the trade. This is where a lot of traders make mistakes
and they end up blowing the account and losing a lot of money. So what is an entry signal that
I would look for? Well, one of my favorite formations is engulfing candlesticks. And
engulfing candlesticks leads me to understand that that current price is eating the previous price,
meaning that it is stronger than whatever's to the left. If something is engulfing,
something, it's bigger and stronger than what's next to it. So if you have a bullish engulfing
candlestick, while the trend is bullish at an area of interest, this is the perfect entry signal that
you can possibly ask for to execute a trade. And that's exactly what we have right here.
Right here, we have a bullish engulfing candlestick right at this area of interest.
We have a doji rejection candlestick, which is also one of my favorite rejection candlesticks,
which I pretty much use all of the time.
Speaker 1
Only once they are at the area of interest. If it's not an area of interest,
it really doesn't mean anything to me. And then after that, we have some type of continuation.
For me personally, I probably would not take this trade where price is currently right now,
which is at this high. I probably would have entered at this point right here. But for this
trade example, we can still enter the trade here, and I can almost guarantee you that we will still
make money. So since now we just analyzed the trade with our trend, our area of interest,
and our entry signal, let's go take a trade here.
Speaker 1
So let's head back to LQH Markets where we are going to create
a quick account just to show you guys how quick it is for us to be able to actually execute a
position. So now we're back at LQH where we are going to create a new account. So we just take a
trade together. When you go create your new account, you can get a commission free, standard,
pro, institutional. Just for example purposes, we're going to use standard account. We're going
to create with a one to 500 leverage. Speaker 1
And it's going to be a $10,000 account. So now as you create accounts, you're going to see a popup
where the demo accounts was successfully created for you. So now is where you actually go execute
the trade on MetaTrader. And if you were to see that, I literally just got my email right now,
where it shows that my credentials to log in to my MetaTrader 5 are already set.
Speaker 1 All you have to do is create an account with
the broker, and then the broker will create an account for you on MetaTrader, which is where
you're actually going to execute an account for you on MetaTrader, which is where you're actually going
to execute an account for you on MetaTrader. Speaker 1
Execute the position. Remember, LQH is like the bank, and then PayPal is like MetaTrader. So I'm
going to start screen recording here on my phone, and we're going to simply log into this account.
I literally just got the email. I'm going to go right straight to my email, and I'm going to log
in. So I'm going to copy my account ID. We're going to go to MetaTrader 5. We're going to
log in to a new server. I'm going to place the account login. I'm going to go back,
copy the master password. And as soon as I copy the master password, it should log me in
immediately. And you can see that our account has been officially created with $10,000. So now we go
back to TradingView, and we're ready to take the trade. So let's go execute the trade on GBPCAD.
We search it up, GBP, no, GBPAUD. So here on GBPAUD, we would simply come here, click trade,
and then we're ready to go. Speaker 1
We're ready to buy it. Ready? Three, two, one. And you were about to make the biggest mistake
that 90% of traders make. They have not placed their stop loss, and they have not properly
calculated the risk that they want on their account. This is a huge mistake that traders
make, and it will completely determine your results in trading, if you want to be successful
or not. You need a proper stop loss, and you need to have risk management. If you are not ready to
do this, you are not ready to be a profitable. Speaker 2
And I want to express the importance of this, because if you don't do this, you will not be
profitable. So let's not make that mistake, and let's go to my effects book, Position Size
Calculator, where we're going to type in the pair that we're trading, which is going to be,
let's say, GBPAUD. You type it in. We put the account size, which for this example,
it's $10,000. And let's say we want to risk $1,000 on this trade. Our stop loss is exactly,
if we make our stop loss a little bit tighter, our stop loss would then be 32 pips. So let's
calculate here, a 32 pip stop loss. Once you click Calculate, it tells you your exact
lot size you should be taking. So this would be a five lots on the account.
Speaker 2 Now that we properly have our stop loss number,
and we have our proper risk management, then we go to GBPCAD, we click Trade. Up here,
and then we will put our stop loss number, which is 1.97358, 1.975, no, 358. And then we will click
Buy. But before we click Buy, I want to let you guys know why we never put a take profit. We don't
ever put a take profit because it completely goes against my slogan called Set and Forget.
We set and forget the trade when we are in it. It either hits our stop loss or our take profit.
We never place a take profit. Speaker 2
Because we always want to maximize and let a winning trade continue to be a winning trade,
especially when you're trading with the higher timeframes and you're trading with the weekly,
trading with the daily, and you're trading with the trend. This move should continue to happen
for two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10 days at a time. And by you putting a
take profit, you're putting a cap on how much money you can make. You always want to put a cap
on how much money you can lose, but never on how much money you can make. Because remember,
losing is inevitable in trading and
Speaker 2
the only way you make back those losses is by winning. And if you can maximize your wins by
analyzing a profitable trade setup, all you have to do is just simply let the market do its thing,
continue going with the trend, and it's making you continuous passive income without you doing
absolutely anything else. You're not adding any more risk and you're not analyzing any more
trades. So we never place a take profit. We always place a stop loss. So before this market takes off,
which it already is, we're just going to click buy at this moment, and then we execute the trade.
Speaker 2
So as of right now, we are negative about $141 because we are taking a trade at the worst time
possible. It is 4.38 PM EST, meaning that the spreads right now are very high. So you can see
right here in the quote section, how next to GBP AUD and the time down below, which is 38.57,
says 46. There's a 46 spread on this market right now, meaning that it is very, very expensive to
execute. Speaker 2
Execute a trade. So the broker is going to charge you a lot more than it would charge
you if it were to be a couple of hours ago. Why? Because banks are closing around the world and
half of the world is basically already offline. So the odds of you entering a trade at this time
are not probable. Think about it as if you were to go eat food at a Chipotle when it's
like 30 minutes before it closed. You're getting the worst rice, the worst chicken,
the worst beans. You don't want to get the last food that's in the bottom of the barrel. It tastes
terrible. This is similar, but with money because simply everything is closed and there is no
liquidity right now. Things start to pick back up probably in the next 30 minutes to 45 minutes
after the markets close because then a new session kicks in. So from here to then is literally the
worst time to execute a trade. And I strategically did this to show you guys on what it is to
execute a trade at this time. If I were to execute a trade literally an hour ago, I would probably
be into profit. But since this is for a educational purpose video, this is a demo account,
no big deal. But I want you guys to understand never, ever execute a trade around this time.
All right, so now the trade is a negative $37. The fact that I am even about to be in profit in
just under 10 minutes at this time in the market is literally ridiculous. This is like if Chipotle
would have brought out five minutes before closing fresh rice, fresh chicken,
fresh beans. This is unseen in the market. Well, now you can see how the market went back down a
little bit. This is probably going to take about another 15, 20 minutes. So market update probably
seven minutes later. We are literally in the worst possible time to be even looking at the
Mediterranean. I'm going to show you one of my other accounts. Editors, please edit my
information where currently I am floating $100,000 in profit right now. This is a challenge account.
You saw how I was just a hundred thousand dollars in profit and it went down to 80.
Because at five o'clock sharp, the spreads go absolutely insane. So you can see here how the
spreads are pretty much around the same, but the slippage is ridiculous right now. If I were to
close this trade right now, it doesn't matter if you're in the best broker in the world. If you
have whatever type of account, you will get immense amount of slippage. If you notice,
we're right around the exact point on where we enter the market and we're more negative than
we even started. Why? Because of the spread and slippage the market has.
But
this is a demo account for this example purposes. I will be closing at this point right here,
just to show you guys how to close your position. You tap the phone and then you just click close
position right here. So as you click that close position, you're going to see it's in
your history section. You're going to be able to see how much time you were in the trade and your
end results after commission, after the fees, everything is pretty standard right there,
right in front of you. And for those of you guys that don't know what spread and what slippage and
what commissions are, think about it, the fees that the bank has to charge you. Whenever you go
pay transaction on PayPal, PayPal charges you four or five bucks, couple bucks. That's how
PayPal makes money, by charging you a fee. When you go to the bank, the bank has monthly
recurring fees by making sure your account is active. That can also be seen as the spread or
the commission. Same thing as when you use a credit card and then you have interest,
that is, this could be the same thing as swap. So whenever you hold a trade for longer than 24
hours, you get charged swap. You also get charged commission. Everything is just in fees on when
you enter the trade, when you exit the trade and how long you hold it for. Truthfully, if you want
me to be honest, the fees are one, unavoidable. They have no direct relation if it's going to let
you be profitable or not. And they are completely irrelevant to how much money you are risking.
I like to look at it like the 2% fee. It's just the cost
of me making money or obviously losing money. So if I'm looking to risk a hundred bucks on a trade,
I'd be risking $102. If I'm making money, instead of me making $100, I'm making $98.
So I can hold it a little bit longer so I can make up for the fees. But realistically,
2% is not going to make or break anything in your trade. It's part of the game. It's inevitable.
And trust me, I pay very, very high fees when I trade. And trust me, I pay multiple five figures,
if not within the month, six figures in just fees, because it is directly correlated on how
much money you risk and how much money you make. I don't know about you, but if I make half a
million dollars on one trade, I don't mind paying $15,000 in fees. A lot of brokers and a lot of
markets out there, they're facilitating this for you to make this money. If you're going to drop
them a quarter or a dime, they can have that. Just give me the big stack of cash.
And what I love about this video is that I have been extremely transparent and giving you guys the
realistic view of what's going to happen in the future. I'm going to give you a little bit of a
journey of a trader, what it is that you have to do when you get to the market, how you should
approach the market, how you should properly execute a trade, manage a trade. This is something
that it's almost like the end of life of a trader. This is exactly how you should be trading.
And there should not be any add-on indicators. There should not be any add-on platforms,
any add-on risk tools. This is all you really need to execute the market, analyze it correctly,
and make money. I've been as transparent and as direct as I possibly can happen.
So picture this as if you would have just bought a car. The sales guy is going to tell you the car
has X amount of miles. The car has X amount of color, interior, and the condition of the car.
But realistically, after you drive off to the parking lot with that car, if there's a check
engine light or the car needs an oil change, the salesman has no idea what the hell, how he's going
to do that. That's what I'm doing. I'm getting down deep and dirty. I'm telling you exactly how
to do your own oil change, how to properly rotate your tires, how to properly check your engine,
make sure that everything's good, your transmission, your AC, your power steering.
I'm giving you the ins and outs of your whole entire vehicle, which is your trading plan,
which is the market that is going to get you to success. I'm not just selling you a dream and
letting you go and deal with the problems later. No, I'm letting you know exactly what's going on
and you're fully aware of it at every single second that you're doing it.
And if at this point in the video, you still want to see more,
you should go check out the four hour video. This four hour video is everything that I taught you
but a bit more slow, a bit more in detail. I went into a lot more explanation on fine tuning
things that truthfully you might need as a beginner and exactly how this video was free.
So it was that video. There's so much value in that video that has literally taken traders from
zero to 50%. That time gap of zero to 50% took me two years. It can literally take you a four
hour video. So once again, this is all absolutely for free. I asked for nothing in return.
All I ask for is for you to hit that like and subscribe button. If you're enjoying these videos,
make sure to leave a comment as well. And I personally highly recommend you go watch that
four hour video because if you really, really want to get the deep down details,
make sure you go click up here, watch the video and trust me, you won't regret it.
Thank you guys for being part of this video. I'll see you in the next one.


==============================
VIDEO 020 — How To Start Day Trading With $0-NZqRbc_9u_I
==============================

if you guys want to start day trading but have literally no bread to your name this is how i
would start trading step by step if i had zero dollars in my bank account so if i were to go
back in time back to when i was broke back when i had no money matter of fact back to when i had
negative two thousand dollars in my bank account this is exactly what i did to get to the position
that i'm at today in this video i'm going to break down for you guys literally everything that you
need in order to start day trading again with literally zero dollars so we're going to start
off with how you guys can even make money at first or like when you guys are trying to learn
trading like what you should be doing on the back end so you can start building up capital
we're going to be talking about potential jobs that you can do because again not every single
job is going to be good for a up-and-coming day trader then from there i'm going to introduce the
tools and the resources that you guys need in order to again get going with day trading because
if you guys are just working a job and then not trading you aren't going to make any money
trading and then from there i'm going to show you guys how you guys can actually start learning the
skill of day trading with those tools and with those resources
so that you guys can not only be trading while making money on the side but also not risking
money in the markets and still working on that skill so there's such thing as demo accounts where
you guys are trading with fake money where you guys can help grow that skill of day trading and
then last but not least i'm going to show you guys how you guys can eventually deploy that
capital into a live account and show you guys some different strategies that i use when i was first
started day trading and different companies that you can use to help extend your capital grow your
day trading skills and all that good stuff so that once you guys actually have the skill of day
trading then to be able to actually use that capital in a smart way so you guys can capitalize
on it and leverage it to your best abilities so with that being said let's get into it okay so
step number one is going to be if you guys have zero dollars in your bank account what the fuck
are you going to do you need to start making money and even though you're not going to eventually be
risking money to help build the skill of day trading eventually you're going to need money
to make money within the market so the first thing that you guys are going to want to do is find a job that is
easy for you to be able to learn the skill of day trading and i know that's super vague but for me
that was door dashing and i was doing like uber eats and stuff like that because i was my own boss
and i could choose my own schedule so if i wanted to trade at new york's stock exchange open at 9 30
a.m eastern time i was like okay cool i'm just not going to work during that time i'm going to
grind on trading and then once that's said and done then boom i can get to work and i can start
making money most of you guys probably won't have that luxury and most of you guys will be working
back when i was in college which i would consider like similar to a nine to five job and said it was
just like students and unfortunately for me i wasn't necessarily like making money during that
time but for me because that main area like new york stock stock exchange open was blocked off by
classes or whatever other conflicts i had i had to trade london session which was really late at
night for me but again at the end of the day you guys are going to have to make small sacrifices
including sleep when you guys are trying to actually take your
self to the next level and trust me those sleepless nights they are eventually going
to pay off because for me i used to trade london session but now you see me i'm financially free
and i'm able to trade whatever session i want because i now have the skill of trading so
i was sacrificing sleep in order to be able to trade london session in order to grow that skill
and i think some of you guys should do the same but again that's only if you guys have
a nine to five job again if you guys don't have a job right now but you guys are looking to build
capital i would highly recommend you guys find some sort of side hustle that you guys can
quickly start making money like today i'm not saying go try and start another drop shipping
store like no that that's going to take way too much time and that's like way too much of a
learning curve for you guys to start making money i'm talking about you guys need to start making
money right now because you have bills to pay you've mouths to feed okay if you guys have a
family we need to start working on collecting capital right now not learning some other skill
to eventually make you money that's what day trading is going to be all right so now that
we figured out what job is going to be most beneficial for you guys to start day trading and
if you guys are working a nine to five that's fine again you guys are just going to have to
sacrifice some sleep you guys are going to have to sacrifice some free time but at the end of the day
there's a reason why only one percent of traders end up turning profitable it's because they're
willing to do what 99 of people aren't willing to do and that's going to lead us into the very
next thing which is going over the free tools and resources that you guys actually need in order to
start learning about day trading okay so we covered the job now we got to go over the tools and the
resources that are actually going to help you guys build that skill so with that being said
we're going to get onto the charts we're going to get into my office
and we're going to break down all the tools and resources that you guys need in order to get
started all right what is good so this is going to be the first free tool and resources that is
going to help you guys out when starting to get into day trading this is going to be trading view
if you guys have seen any of my trade recap videos if you see me marking up charts it's always on
trading view literally every single trader in the entire world unless they're a weirdo uses trading
view okay and there's a reason for that they have been in the game for the longest they're the most
popular company when it comes to day trading charts and just charting in general their software
is just better than everything else okay so you're going to be a little bit overwhelmed at first
you're going to see like all of these different things first of all you guys don't have to at
least at the beginning again pay any money for a subscription that's the awesome thing about trading
view you guys can all start with just a completely free membership and you guys can ride on that
completely free membership forever obviously for me i pay for certain things like to be able to have
multiple screens up at once and to be able to set multiple alerts but you guys don't need that
especially when you guys are first starting to learn how to day trade at the end of the day all
you need is the charts you don't need no indicators you don't need no alerts you don't
need multiple screens up okay all that that they put up on the internet it's a lie okay you
just need straight up trading view charts okay so let's jump into these charts real quick and i can
break down what some of the tools are going to do for us and how you guys can actually get started
on chart work okay so this is tradingview.com i just clicked on the s p 500 and again this
may seem overwhelming for you you're going to look at all this and you're going to think you're a
genius army oh yeah it's going up a little bit no bro you're not a genius you keep
door dashing for now okay because when we pull this up it's going to get really
overwhelming yeah you have no clue where this is going right now but don't worry we're going
to cover how you guys can understand where this is going eventually all right the first main
that i would want you guys to learn to understand on trading view is just all of these tools so
these tools are going to be super beneficial for you again we can we can draw on the chart and
you know make it seem like it's gonna work for us but at the end of the day if we don't know
where price is going to go and if we don't know
what any of these candlesticks and chart patterns mean then we're screwed and we're
never going to be able to make money from trading so with that being said i gave you guys a really
awesome free resource it's a free course for you guys to help understand all of these chart
patterns and look i'm not a pattern trader okay i trade based off of price action so
it's price movements you can see that i don't have any indicators i don't have any volume okay
i'm literally just reading the japanese candlesticks okay i've got all these different
time frames and i know that price is fractal so again sorry we're using big words i know that
what happens on every single chart pattern is going to be a little bit more difficult so if you're going to
single timeframe on every single candlestick chart happens on every other chart. If that makes
any sense whatsoever. I know this is, this is a little bit overwhelming right now, but price
moves the same way on every single timeframe chart. So I know that when price is seeking out
liquidity, it's going to be seeking out liquidity, not only on the one hour timeframe, but also on
the one minute timeframe. And I explain all of that. And if that seems overwhelming, don't worry,
it won't be overwhelming. Once you guys go through my free course, explaining how you guys can
actually read these candlesticks, like the back of your fucking hand and understand where price
wants to go consistently. Okay. So boom, trading view is going to be the very first tool that you
guys need in order to get started going over the charts and to actually get started on your day
trading journey, just getting set up on this, get familiar with all of these different tools.
I'm frequently using the horizontal.
Ray tool. I'm frequently using the rectangle tool. And again, it's going to be used to mark
out those confluences that tell me exactly where price is going to go. And all of those confluences,
I explained to you guys how to use them, how to identify them in my free course. And I'll leave
a little link in the description right now. The next best free tool for your guys's trading is
going to be YouTube. Okay. People undervalue free content way too much, especially within
the education.
Space because they think, oh, if this person's going to give it out to me for free, why should I
value it? And in turn, just like humans naturally devalue free stuff. And the best place to learn
about day trading for free is, um, you know what I'm saying? You're watching him. Okay. So we're
going to go ahead and view this channel. What? No way. This guy is fucking nasty at his craft.
And I have bro by far the most amount of videos than any other day.
Awesome.
Rayd Edgeways decided to release an acting creator on the internet on day trading. I post literally
the trade recaps of every single trade that I take, whether it's a win, whether it's a loss,
and I tell you guys exactly how much I make and exactly how much I lost. And then on top of that,
I have playlists full of shit. Like we got the trading transformation. We got the crypto boot
camp. We got the regular bootcamp, 56 freaking videos explaining to you guys how today trade.
667 videos explaining different concepts on how to day trade. And then 103 videos of trade recaps
teaching you guys about every single trade that I take. Okay. So you guys should not be devaluing
this free content. This is by far like essentially all information that you need in the entire world
is going to be on YouTube for free. Like that's literally just how the shit works. There's
so much information circulating throughout the entire world, but I can promise you
every single piece of information, especially about day trading is going to be free for you guys
online on YouTube. And my channel biased is one of the best. I mean, look, I just hit 400,000
subscribers today. It's for a fucking reason. Okay. Because I'm really good at teaching,
but I'm on top of that.
I'm also really good at trading. Okay. So go subscribe to this channel and just start
binging all of my videos because I can promise you after you guys go through the free course,
after you guys go through the bootcamp, after you guys go through the trading transformation,
after you guys go through all of the trade recaps, you guys are going to be on another level
compared to everybody else that goes and buys a bullshit ass course where they learn literally
everything that I teach in the bootcamp for free. Okay. Now you guys are probably thinking,
okay, like I'm getting spammed with all this information right now. I know,
I know where the education is coming from. Okay. I know I get TJR's free course and watch all of TJR's
YouTube videos, but when I'm watching the shit, how do I actually practice the skill that you
told me I have to be practicing? So we're going to take this back to our handy dandy trusted friend
trading view. Okay. And this is where you guys are going to be able to open up a demo account.
So this was an account that I was telling you guys about where you guys are going to be able
to trade with literally, I mean, you're going to be able to trade with up to $10 million.
Does that sound good to you?
Do you want a free $10 million? We'll sign up to the link in my bio. No, I'm kidding.
Um, but you guys can hypothetically trade with $10 million if you want using the demo account.
So demo account is essentially fake money so that you guys can practice learning the skill
of day trading in live markets in real time without risking your money. Doesn't that sound
amazing? You're able to practice a skill that requires money to be able to learn and actual
actually get the reward. But instead they're saying, look, bro, practice.
This shit first. And then from there, once you know that you have the skill, then you can actually
start risking your money because you'd be an idiot. You would be an idiot. If you started day
trading immediately with all that hard earned money that we just taught you guys how to save
up. Okay. So you guys are probably wondering why are you in the top right hand corner? I'm going
to explain. Okay. So down here, there's going to be all this different shit. Okay. You guys are
going to want to open the trading panel. And from here, there's going to be a whole bunch of
different brokers. When you guys are learning how to day trade. And when you guys are on a demo
obviously, you know, I could recommend a bunch of different brokerages so you guys can start demo
trading. But ideally at the end of the day, like you're, you don't, it doesn't really matter who
you're demo trading through. It only matters choosing a broker when you're actually putting
money at risk. And I have a bunch of different videos talking about what brokerage brokerages I
use. And I talk about it all the time on every single other video. But anyways, this is going
to show you guys how to open up a demo account. The easiest way that you guys can do it is
literally just click trading view, paper trading, you click connect, and then boom, we're in there.
I got this account called LeBron. Okay. And we have $100,000 in this account. Unfortunately,
the market is closed today. Shout out Martin Luther King. Sorry. Um, but shout out MLK. He
had a dream and his dream was for you to be able to turn profitable. But once we set this up,
we can see, okay, we got a hundred thousand dollars in our bank account or not in our bank
account in our account balance. We can go ahead and shrink this back down, but we can see these
buttons that previously weren't here before are finally here.
So again, let's imagine that the market's open. I don't even think I'll be able to place a trade
because it is a bank holiday. But when we are practicing trading, I can put myself down here
now when we're practicing trading. And when we learn all of the concepts and confluences that
I taught you about in the free course and in my bootcamp and in all of those amazing videos that
I gave, give you guys for free on YouTube, cause I'm just the best. You guys are going to be able
to take advantage of this. Okay. Again, this is a horrible idea, but let's just say, oh yeah,
we want to take a buy position off of this fair value gap. If you don't know what a fair value
gap is, you better start studying my free course. Okay. And so you're just going to go ahead and
click here and this is super awesome. Okay. We can see the units, what percent risk we want to do.
Okay. We can even set the risk that we want. Let's say we only want to risk $1,000, which is what
even is that? 1% of our account and our take profit is going to be like 100 ticks.
100 ticks and our stop loss is going to be another 100 ticks. Oops. Let's do that. Cool.
We're risking 1.25% of our account and our take profit is a hundred ticks and our stop loss is
a hundred ticks. So if we win this trade, then we'll make 1,250 bucks. And if we lose this trade,
we will lose 1,250 bucks. Okay. And then from there, you guys are just going to go ahead and
press buy. Okay. Obviously the order,
got rejected because the market is closed right now. However, if you guys were live on actual live
market conditions, your position would go through. And then same thing with sales. Okay. Again,
when you guys go through my free course, I'm going to explain to you guys exactly how and where
and why I'm entering off of certain confluences and when I'm going to be looking to trade. And
it's going to help you guys a lot. So again, please go through that before just spamming this
and having fun with it. But again, you guys should low-key treat this like a video game
because at the end of the day,
day trading is just a video game with by far the best point system. It's, it's the best point system is fucking hella bread.
So again, like I know a bunch of people that transitioned from being professional gamers to being professional day traders,
because it's just another game. Okay. If you guys can understand that, Hey, if we can gamify this and the,
the money is just like numbers on a screen and you're not emotional about it, then boom, you guys can get really good about this.
And on top of that,
we can,
we can literally make the money be zero dollars and make it just numbers on the,
on the screen by starting off on a demo account, which is exactly what I'm showing you guys.
So again, let's say we want to take a sell position. It would be the same thing.
We press sell. And then again, of course, the order is going to reject because market is closed right now,
but that's how you guys set up a demo account. Now, assuming this is going to be a pause,
I'm going to break down what your guys' thought process should be before you guys move into an actual live stream.
So a lot of you guys, trust me, I've been there before.
You guys are going to convince yourself that you guys are ready for a live account far before any of you guys are actually ready for a live account.
So this is what I always say. You guys are going to forever be on demo until you guys can prove to yourself.
And honestly, we shouldn't even be proving it to ourselves.
You got to prove it to your brother or prove it to your dad or prove it to your mom,
because,
sometimes we get a little bit ego-driven and trust me, I have been there before.
And I made all of these mistakes, so you guys don't have to.
I'm telling you guys, don't make the same mistakes that I did because I ended up losing literally six figures worth of money
by not following this and by not building the skill on demo first.
So build the skill on demo and then prove to yourself, your mom, your dad, your brother,
that after three months straight of profitability.
So again, that doesn't mean you guys get on demo and then after three months,
boom, perfect, we can go run our money up.
No, that's not what we're doing.
Okay, we are practicing on demo while running up that bread with our job.
And while we're practicing, we're stacking capital.
Again, we're not blowing it on dumb shit.
We're not doing any dumb shit.
We're locked in right now because we're trying to learn this skill that's going to change our life forever.
Okay, and when you guys are doing that,
you guys are going to be trading on demo.
The only time that you actually start risking that hard earned capital
that you guys have been working your ass off,
off of all those jobs that I just told you guys about.
Okay, the only time that you guys are going to risk that capital
is going to be after three straight months of green.
Okay, so it's not after your first three months.
If you have one winning month, then a losing month,
then another winning month, I don't care.
Start over.
Okay.
It's going to be three green months in a row.
That means, boom, 10% gain.
Boom, 5% gain.
Boom, 7% gain.
Okay, I trust you, but I still don't trust you a lot.
But once you've gotten to that point,
you guys, it's best for you guys to switch over to a live account
or to start trading on a prop firm.
And that's what I'll get into the next segment,
how you guys can leverage your money
so that you guys can actually make far more profits.
Because again, if you guys are working like kind of these minimum,
minimum wage type of jobs,
by the time you guys are done and like prove to yourself
that you guys are profitable,
you guys probably only have like a thousand
or a couple thousand dollars saved up,
especially if you guys are like feeding a family and stuff like that.
So we need to think how can we leverage this $1,000, $2,000, $3,000
to the best of our abilities
so that we not only can leverage our skill of day trading,
but also leverage the capital that we've been working our ass off for.
But keep in mind,
when you guys do end up going into live trading,
I can promise you,
you're not going to pass your first funded account.
I can promise you,
you guys will probably go unprofitable for a bit
because there's going to be this newfound emotion
that you guys are going to have after going on to a live account.
That's the biggest difference between trading on demo
where it truly is just numbers on a screen
to a live account where it's no longer numbers on a screen.
It's hours of work that you put in,
door dashing or hours of work that you put in
working for your annoying ass boss.
And that's when you start getting emotional about the numbers on the screen.
And we can't let that happen.
And there's a bunch of psychology videos that I can teach you guys
to help boost your psychology so that you guys don't fall into this trap.
But at the end of the day,
I kind of know that you guys are going to fall into this trap,
but we need to kick that almost immediately.
And we're going to sacrifice some money
at the very beginning to get past that,
to get past that psychological barrier.
And then once we're past that psychological barrier,
we're going to be able to cook and actually make money.
So with that being said, let's get into
once we prove to ourselves that we're profitable on demo,
how do we actually start risking money?
Again, that hard-earned money that we've been working for
and be able to leverage it
so that we can make the most amount of money
and capitalize on this opportunity that the markets are giving us.
All right.
So the first way that you guys are going to be able to leverage your money
in day trading after you guys have proven to yourself
that you guys are profitable traders
is going to be through funded accounts.
Now, let me just break down what a funded account is
as if you guys are just a dumbass
because most of you guys are.
But that's okay.
I'm a dumbass too and I can make money in trading.
So that's not stopping you guys.
I'm just kind of we're going based off the below average IQ here.
Let's say I'm a trader,
just like you guys.
After going through my free course,
I'm like, hell yeah, I'm profitable.
I can do it.
I can make money in the markets and I believe in myself.
I'm willing to bet money on it.
But I'm thinking I'm not willing to put that thousand dollars
that I saved up for the past month all in on one account just for me.
You know, if I only make 10% in a month on a thousand dollars,
I'm only making a hundred bucks.
That's not where I'm not going to retire with trading.
I'm not going to be able to be financially free with trading.
No.
But there's companies that will help you get capital
to be able to prove yourself for you guys
to eventually be able to trade with much higher capital.
Okay.
So right here we have a list of a bunch of companies
and a bunch of prop firms.
It's a proprietary trading firm
that helps you guys leverage your money
to prove to them that you are profitable
just like you prove to yourself that you were profitable on demo.
You have to pass a challenge,
a trading challenge
where they're let's just go to FTMO's website.
For example, let's pull up FTMO.
So this is FTMO quite possibly
and definitely the biggest prop firm within the space
and they have been in the prop firm space
for the longest amount of time ever.
Okay.
And this is essentially what it looks like.
So again, let's say I'm a trader that doesn't have any money
and says, hey, I think I'm a profitable trader,
but I don't want to spend a thousand dollars
just to only make a hundred dollars in a month.
And then again, like 10% in a month is really good.
So instead I say,
I want to have $200,000 to trade with.
Okay.
So what FTMO, the company says is they say,
okay, cool.
You are going to have to pass two challenges.
The first challenge is just a step-by-step.
You are not allowed to lose $10,000 within a day.
So that's, you're not allowed to lose $5,000 within one day,
which makes sense.
Because again, if you guys go through
all like pause that if you guys are a profitable trader,
you are not going to be risking 5% in a day.
Okay.
And especially if you guys are a smart risk on trader,
you guys aren't going to be risking 5% in a day.
And then on top of that,
you guys aren't allowed to lose $20,000 total.
Okay.
Or else the account challenge, boom, it's gone.
And then boom, the money that you saved up,
it's gone.
It's wasted.
It's gone forever.
Okay.
But that makes sense because they're saying the maximum loss is 10%.
Okay.
The profit target is just 10%.
So as long as you don't lose 5% in a day,
and as long as you don't lose 10% total,
and as long as you're able to make 10% total,
then you go to the next challenge.
The next challenge is super simple.
It's the same exact thing,
except instead of having to make $20,000,
so 10%,
you only have to make 5%.
Okay.
And then the next step is boom.
You're funded with them.
And now you're trading on essentially a $200,000 account
where you are able to potentially get a payout
of the money that you're making on this prop firm.
So that's the super cool thing about these things
is when you guys get into it,
you're essentially leveraging your $1,000
because this is approximately like $1,000.
It's a little bit more,
but you're leveraging your $1,000 that you have.
And instead of having the potential to only make $100 in a month,
which is 10%,
right, of $1,000,
you are going to be proving yourself to this company that,
hey, I am a profitable trader.
I'm going to go through this challenge.
I'm going to pass it.
Go through the second challenge.
I'm going to pass it.
And then on the third step,
you're actually on an account where you can make money.
So yes,
you know, you pay $1,000
and maybe both of these challenges take you like two months to pass,
but that's two months that I'm willing to wait,
especially if I prove to myself that I'm profitable,
to get to the third step of being able to make literally like $20,000 in a month
instead of $100 in a month.
So yes, you're delaying that reward,
but by delaying that reward
and by waiting until you're actually profitable,
because if you're not profitable,
trust me,
there's no reason to gamble on this shit.
If you're an unprofitable trader,
you should not be attempting to pass these challenges.
They're built for unprofitable traders to not be able to pass them
because this company isn't dumb enough
to be able to pass unprofitable traders
and then get them on here.
You know, like that's just not how the system works.
Okay.
So you have to be profitable in order to pass this
and it's just not going to happen if you're unprofitable.
So you have to prove to yourself that first.
But once you're able to do that
and you're able to get to step three,
bro, that $1,000
can turn into $20,000
over the course of three months.
I'm willing to do that
instead of putting my $1,000 into a live account
and only making like $300
at the end of three months.
That's the best way to leverage your money
once you guys can actually go through all those steps,
find a job that works for day trading
so you can work on the skill,
get all the free resources that helps you guys learn the skill.
And then on top of that,
go through all the confluences,
go through all the strategy
and go through all of the stuff that I teach you guys on my YouTube
and my free course and my bootcamp, okay?
And then actually going and applying it on demo,
proving to yourself that you're profitable
and then you're going to be able to leverage your money
so that you guys can start making like boom.
Bro, imagine going from making only $1,000 a month
or saving $1,000 a month
to now you're up $20,000
in a single month.
And yes, this is going to take a long time
for you guys to get to this point,
but it's not super far out of reach.
And trust me,
I know because I've been in your position before.
I literally, I did the DoorDash shit
while I was trying to pass funded accounts.
I did that shit, okay?
And eventually after a long enough period of time,
it started fucking working
and I started fucking printing in day trading
and then it got to the point where it's like,
boom, let's say I pass this account
and then I get a $20,000 payout.
I no longer have to be working that DoorDash job
because now I have this safety net
to be able to pay all my bills
for months on end.
So even if I fail this account
after that first $20,000 payout,
not only do I have the capital
to buy more challenges and keep going,
but I also have the free time
to be able to continuously work on my craft
to get to one, become a better trader,
to be able to pass these challenges easier
and to be able to make more money from these challenges.
And then from there, it's exponential
for you guys.
Like the second that you guys quit your job
and the second that you guys get a payout
or the second that you guys can start funding
a live account with like $10,000,
now instead of only making $100 a month,
if you guys can fund a live account with $10,000,
now you're making $1,000 a month.
What happens if you stack up five of these payouts
on top of each other?
That's $100,000.
And you better not be dumb and blow it on a watch
or blow it on a new car.
You better put that and reinvest it into yourself
and you reinvest it into a live account
because now,
because you always have the possibility of failing this.
There's still rules on here
once you guys pass both these challenges.
Okay, so that's the one limitation
and the one downside to funded accounts.
But once you guys have a ton of capital
in your live account,
that's when financial freedom starts
because if you guys have $100,000 in your live account,
now you're making $10,000 a month consistently.
And there's no rules here
so you guys can be a little bit more free flowing
with the trading.
And on top of that,
after that,
like once you've accumulated six figures
in trading payouts,
like, bro, you're set for a while
and you're actually able to,
instead of working your ass off on that job
that you guys fucking hate
to be able to get you guys into this position,
you guys are then going to exchange that time
that you guys spent working on that job
to working on your new job,
which is day trading.
All right, guys,
now you guys have the fucking sauce, all right?
I just explained to you guys literally my step by step
with how I went from negative $2,000 in my bank account
to living my freaking dream
to living my freaking dream life, okay?
I'm in Miami right now.
I'm in this big ass apartment that I'm never even at,
all right?
And as promised,
I'll leave a little link in the description
for the free course that I told you guys all about
where you guys can get a ton of free game.
Again, never devalue the free content
because like I said,
all of the content that's out on the internet,
that's all the education that you guys need, okay?
So go ahead, click the free course down in the bio.
I love you guys.
Peace out.


==============================
VIDEO 021 — How To Start SWING TRADING as Beginner in 2025 ｜ Full Guide Step by Step-bYROdw0xJdc
==============================

Trading is already hard enough and imagine only having a small window of five to six hours or even
just a couple of minutes. And this is usually not doable for a lot of people because they work jobs
and the different time zones that the market is available in those small window periods. And
that's exactly where swing trading falls into place. Everybody can do it. It doesn't matter
if you work a nine to five, you work during the day, you work during the night. If you're a swing
trader, you can basically trade whenever you want. And actually you can make a lot more money
as a swing trader compared to a day trader or a scout trader with the things that I'm going to
share with you in this video. So make sure you watch all the way to the end. So you're probably
wondering what is a swing trader? Well, the basis of it is a trader that holds a position for more
than seven days and usually closes their position at about two to three weeks max. So a swing trader
is when you swing a position throughout the day. So a swing trader is when you swing a position
throughout the day. So a swing trader is when you swing a position throughout the day. So a swing
trader is when you swing a position throughout the weekend and you hold into the other weekend.
Anything under seven days or under a position that you hold throughout the weekend is considered a
intraday or a day trader. So swing traders are in positions for seven days and above up to about
two to three weeks. A day trader is somebody that's in the position just for the day. So for
five to six to seven hours. And then a scalp trader is somebody that's in a position very
fast. It can be 15 minutes, one hour, two hours, and that's a lot for a scalper.
So this is a position that you hold throughout the weekend and you hold into the other weekend.
So this is a very simple and broad terminology of what is an actual swing trader. But the swing
trader actually earns his title by the way he analyzes the market. And that is by analyzing
the markets on the higher timeframes. So what makes a swing trader a swing trader? Well, the
first things first is that you're only looking to take maybe one to two positions a week max.
Because as a swing trader, you're taking the best quality trades that can play out in the following
week or two.
So if you're looking for a position to play out in the next week or two, you usually have to be
more patient and they don't come around every single day and sometimes even for weeks. So
you're taking around one to two trades a week max. And you're going to only be focusing on the
markets that are low volume markets. You don't want to be involved in markets that have a move
within the day or within the hour. You're looking to catch a big move in the market
where you can hold it for about seven to eight to nine days. This way,
you can maximize your profits. And this is good because if you work a nine to five or you're just
busy with your life, this lets the trade give you a plenty of running space and also availability
for you to enter the trade whenever you have free time. So you don't actually have to be
watching the market every single day. So as a swing trader, you're focusing on the markets that
move the slowest, but respect the market structure the most and respect the strategy the most simply
because they move slower. And it's good because in the markets,
patience pays and the swing traders are the most patient traders. That's why they make the most
money. And they make the most money not only because they're actually catching one of the
biggest moves in the market that a day trader or a scalp trader can never catch. They're actually
risking more than a day trader and a scalper simply because they're taking less amount of
trades and the less amount of trades that you take, the higher quality of the trade that it
actually is. So here you would be risking a higher percentage that you normally would on a day trade
so the higher risk you take on a trade with a bigger move that you would be taking pretty much
means you're going to make more money. And what really makes a swing trader a swing trader is
that they spend no time in front of the charts compared to a day trader or compared to a scalper.
You realistically only have to be in front of the markets maybe one to three hours a week because
once you're in a position, you simply set and forget. You don't have to monitor the position
every single day, every single hour, every single session.
You execute the trade, wait for it to take profit, or you wait for it to hit your stop loss.
And that is as soon as you enter the trade, because as soon as you enter it, you don't look
at it until it hits either or. But before you enter it, you can just check in pretty much every
session once a day or twice a day, but you don't actively have to be in front of the computer every
single day at a specific session for a specific amount of time. As soon as you enter the trade,
literally set and forget. And most importantly, it's most appealing to the majority of the people
because everybody can do it.
You can work
nine to five, seven to three, any different time zone that you work, you can be a swing trader
because you can trade the market at any session and you can simply hold the trade for five to six
days, where if you were to be busy at work, you don't have to be paying attention to the market
because your trade is simply just running into profit or running into stop loss.
So I'm going to lay out some pretty simple and obvious pros and cons. So obviously the first
pro is that literally anybody can do this. You can be working a job. You can be going to school,
full time, or you can be retired and you can actively become a swing trader because it's
almost good that you're busy with a job or busy at school because you can simply only dedicate the
time that you need to to the markets. And then you go put your focus on something else. Makes
you actually be more patient in the market, which is actually in turn going to give you better
results because you're taking better quality trades. So a good pro realistically is that
it is available for absolutely everybody. But that actually comes with a con where it's a double edge,
and it's if you have too much free time that you can become impatient because you simply have
nothing else to do. So you're a retired person and you simply want to get involved into the markets.
You're doing nothing all day. You're going to be more prone to look at the markets than somebody
that's going to school or has a job. So you might be finding taking more positions and you might
think that taking more positions is going to make you more money. And that's not how it works. So
a con is that if you have no patience, this is not
the right position for you and simply will not work out. Second is you're more likely to succeed
than any other different type of market approach, more than a scalper and more than a day trader.
Why? Well, simply because the rule of less is more in trading and a swing trader does less
and makes more. They only take one to two positions and they make more money and catch
bigger moves than day trader to scalpers where they're taking three to four to five
to six positions a week, but simply having less results because they're executing more.
Picture a swing trader as a sniper, a sniper simply sitting at the back of a hill waiting
for its target to get in place. And they, soon as they take the shot, they're 100% sure that
they're going to execute on that shot and picture a day trading a scalper as somebody with a pistol
or even a bow and arrow that you can simply shoot it a bunch of times and hopefully get lucky and
hit one time. So a sniper also known as a swing trader is simply,
that executes the perfect trade and they rarely ever miss. So your odds of succeeding with a swing
trading approach is more likely than a day trading or scalping approach. The approach of you shooting
a target with a sniper, you're going to be a lot more accurate than shooting it with a pistol or
a bow and arrow. A con with that though, might come that you don't know who you are just yet,
because I didn't know I was going to be an extremely successful swing trader at the
beginning. I wanted to be a day trader. Day trader is the main topic that everybody sees
in the media and it's what's been normalized in the industry. So a con is that you can come in
thinking that you want to be a day trader and then you end up a scalper and you want to be a scalper
and you end up a swing trader. So you kind of had to find yourself in this journey of a trader and
that can honestly take some time, but that often comes to you and the amount of dedication that
you put into this never ending craft. And obviously one of the biggest pros is that
you can make a lot more money than day trading and scalping because you're simply getting
bigger positions. You're catching a trade that will run for five, six, seven, eight, nine,
10 days. One position opposed to day trading scalpers that they'll have one position run
for one to two to three to four hours. So they can only maximize their profits within how much
that they makes. If you hold a position for a week, you're catching a whole week of a market's
move that one simple day can never outdo a whole week of a market's move. So you can actually make
a lot more money.
But that comes with a con as well, that you can obviously risk more money and you can lose more
money, but risk to reward ratio and all of that will outweigh and you're going to become profitable
at the end of the day. You can picture the big profits that you would make in swing trading as
if you were to be deep sea fishing. So you obviously have to wait a lot more time for your
bait to reach all the way to the bottom. And you have to wait a lot more time for this big ginormous
fish to eat the bait. And it's going to cost you a lot more money to go out there into the
deep ocean.
And pay for this expensive, big bait. So this ginormous fish can then eat it. And then it's
going to take you some time to then reel that big fish up. Hopefully the lines not snap,
but at the end of the day, once you get the fish on board, all of it is worth it.
Compare it. If you were to just get a little boat, go out to very shallow waters,
use a very simple rod, very simple bait. You can get a lot of little fish,
but it'll never compare to one big fish that you can simply get by just one simple cast.
Yeah.
Compared to you having to cast out a hundred times to potentially equal the same size of
one big fish that you would get as a deep sea Fisher. And that actually just reminds me that
I literally just made $363,000. I think in the last position that I took, and I did not take
a position for nearly two weeks in order to catch this one trade because the market simply wasn't
giving me a good trade opportunity. So I waited for that great opportunity and I risked more and
clearly it paid.
Out.
It's my biggest trade where I made $363,000 and I had just broken my new record.
So this is a perfect example comparing to the fishing.
I would much rather catch a big fish at the ocean than catching a bunch of little fish right by the shore.
And if you want to see that video on how I made $360,000 in one single trade, make sure you click this video up here.
I'm going to break down exactly on how I did it so you can see if you can replicate the same exact trade and also catch a trade just like that.
All right, actually, that's here.
And the subscribe button is here.
So if you have not subscribed, hit the subscribe button.
It's on one of these two sides.
Hit the subscribe button now.
So now after you've hit the subscribe button, please make sure you have hit it.
I'm going to actually show you how you can actually become a swing trader.
And we're going to go ahead now to the charts and I'm going to show you exactly how to analyze the markets of the swing trader and how I have been personally doing it for the last seven, six and a half years of trading in these markets.
So let me show you guys.
All right.
So first things first that I want to cover is going to be.
Top down and the first thing that makes a trader a swing trader is going to be the analysis on the time frames that they do it.
So we have to start from the top down.
So we will be starting from the monthly time frame.
So you guys can see up here to the top left corner.
I have currently a star on all the time frames that I use as an active swing trader in the markets.
So as you can see, I have a star on the one month, one week, one day, the four hours, the two
hours.
The one hour, the 30 minute and the 15 minute.
So I do not use any other time frame outside of these time frames.
These are the only ones that I focus on in order to be a successful day trader in the markets.
Now, there is many different time frames and there's many different ways of how to look at the market.
But this is what I have been using and it is what works the same way how there is 100 different types of boats out there and 100 different types of rods in order for you to go out there and fish in the deep sea.
This is what works for me and it's what I will be teaching.
You.
So after you understand all of these time frames, you would have to do a top down analysis.
So top down is very self-explanatory.
You're going to start from the top, which will be the highest time frame, which is going to be the monthly.
And then you would work your way down to the weekly time frame.
Then you would work your way down to the daily four hour, two hour, one hour, 30 minute and 15 minutes.
So everything you're doing here is you're simply just zooming in.
Into this candlestick every single time.
As of right now, every single one of these candlesticks are going to be one week.
This candlestick, as of right now, has one day and 14 hours left because we're right by the ending of the week.
If you were to look at the monthly time frame, the monthly has about 15 days left in order for this candlestick to close.
The daily has about 17 hours in order for this candlestick to close, so on and so forth.
So every single time frame.
Time frame represents what each one of these candlesticks is valued at.
So each one of these candlesticks is currently valued at one day.
So this is one day, two days, three days, four days, five days, six days.
I head over to the four hour.
Each one of these candlesticks is going to be valued at four hours.
As you can see right here, this candlestick has about an hour 20 left in order for it to close.
So when you do a top down analysis, you're going to start from the highest time frame.
So this is where I would then go.
Into the next step, which is going to be the trend.
So top down analysis and understanding the trend of the market kind of go together.
But a lot of traders get this wrong because they don't understand that you have to identify the trend in order.
You have to go from the top down.
You can't just go from the four hour to then the one hour to the daily to the monthly.
You're all over the place.
Doesn't make sense.
You have to start from the top down in order for you to understand the trend of the market.
So this is where.
We would start off on the time frame.
You would identify this time frame as bearish simply because this market is creating lower lows and lower highs.
And this market is clearly heading to the downside overall.
Then we would go to the weekly time frame and the weekly time frame.
We can clearly see that this market is currently bullish.
Now this is very tricky one to tell.
I can tell right off the bat because I'm an experienced trader and I've been doing this.
For seven years already.
But any rookie or beginner trader can easily mistake this for a market that is heading to the downside.
And this right here is a bullish market because as of right now this is the higher high point.
So it might look like it's overall going down which you're kind of right.
But the actual structure of that point is bullish.
So picture it as if the oceans current might look like it's going west.
But the internal waves are going east.
This is simply because the winds of the overall ocean are pushing it that way.
But the ocean has to move with a current and that current coming back in is what this weekly time frame is and it's more of the zoomed in version of the market.
So this currently right now is bullish.
You have the monthly time frame bears and then you have the weekly time frame bullish.
We head over to the daily time frame and also clearly tell.
The daily time frame is bullish.
This market structure is heading to the upside.
This is the lower high lower low.
And then here we have just recently shifted to the upside.
This market right here is currently bullish making now the weekly and the daily time frame both bullish.
So as of right now to make it more sense to buy and to sell.
But we keep it going.
We go over to the four hour and on the four hour.
You can clearly tell that the four hour is bullish as well.
The four hour is clearly heading to the upside.
So we're creating higher highs and higher lows making this four hour time frame bullish.
So think about it for a second.
You have the monthly time frame bearish but then you have the weekly bullish daily bullish and the four hour bullish.
I think it makes more sense to buy than to sell.
That's exactly what we would be doing with the top down.
And I.
This is identifying the trend.
We want to understand what is the market doing over all.
But after you understand what the market is doing overall you have to find an area on where to buy because you can't just buy in the middle of anywhere.
It's like you just can't drive out into the middle of the ocean and just park your boat wherever you want and just throw a bait thinking that there's going to be fish there.
Yeah the ocean is huge and yes there's many fish out there.
But if you want to get a really good fish you have to go to a shipwreck or you have to go where there's caves.
Where there is certain spots.
I don't know I'm not a fisherman so I have no fucking idea.
But you have to go to the spot where the fish are.
So it's the same thing here.
You have to enter the trade where the trade is going to move.
You can't just enter at any point.
That's just not how it works.
You can't just go fish at any spot.
That's just not how it works.
Now you can catch a fish but it's not the big one.
Now you can catch a trade outside of a spot but it's just not the good one.
So this is what area of interest comes into.
So you want to enter a trade at an area of interest and then this can be identified as a spot.
Also known as support and resistance.
Which is where you can take a trade to buy as support.
Or you can sell a trade to sell as resistance.
If you're looking to buy a trade you want to make sure that you have a support level.
Picture support as this table right here.
So I am using this table as support to push myself to the upside.
Same thing that the market does.
The market uses a level of support for example like this one right here to push itself.
To the upside.
The market came into this area used it as supports three times.
And it clearly had a push to the upside because of this support area.
Now a support level can also be a resistance level.
Support and resistance is vice versa.
Same way how I use this table to push myself up.
I can use this table and pull myself down if I want to use it as a resistance.
Resistance is like a roof.
It'll push yourself down.
So you can identify a resistance level as.
This spot right here.
You can see how the market uses this spot as resistance.
And then it pushed the market to the downside.
And then you can see how it used the same resistance level as then support.
Because you can use the same level of support to push yourself to the upside.
As then resistance to pull yourself to the downside.
This area is also known as area of interest.
It's an area of interest because whenever you're above it use it as support.
Whenever you're under it.
Use it as resistance.
This is how you would want to spot an area that you would want to enter a trade.
To then execute it with overall time frames heading in your favor.
Versus the other side.
So after you have this area of interest or support or resistance level.
It's literally the same thing.
Oh by the way.
Don't let these people trick you into this new supply and demand zone.
Or this order block.
All that shit's bullshit.
I'm telling you right now.
I've been in the market for long enough.
That I would know if something new comes into the market.
And it's.
Literally they got tired of people selling support and resistance courses.
And then they just came up with.
You know what?
Fuck it.
Let's just rename it to then supply and demand.
Or let's rename it into order blocks.
It's the same shit at the end of the day.
Nothing changes.
Supply and demand is literally a different word for support and resistance.
They have both the same exact effect.
But do not have anybody out there trick you into the.
Have the secret way on how to spot supply and demand.
Or the secret way on how to.
Oh that's bullshit.
It's trust me.
I'm saving you guys the time.
And I will literally make a video of order blocks.
Supply and demand.
Or whatever word they want to call it.
Just to show you guys that it's literally the same shit.
So stay tuned to that.
Because I'm tired of these people explaining these bullshit videos.
That make literally no sense.
So after you have your area of interest.
Supply and demand.
Whatever the fuck you want to call it.
Then you have to have your entry signal.
Which is going to be the reason why you're going to enter the trade.
So same exact thing as you're going to be fishing.
After you throw your rod.
A fish has to have a reason why to enter your bait.
So you have to have a nice juicy bait.
They're not going to bite the hook.
They're not going to put it on themselves.
So you need to have a good entry signal.
In order to execute this trade.
And the entry signal is the last points in the actual trading plan.
To execute it.
There's other things that have to go after you execute.
Where I'm going to explain just in a second.
So the entry signal happens after the top down analysis.
Happens after the trend.
Happens after the area of interest.
Then you have the entry signal.
A lot of people when they come into trading.
They just focus on the entry signal at first.
And dude that is literally the last thing in order for you to enter the trade.
So the entry signal that you would be looking for.
Is going to be an engulfing candlestick.
Engulfing means when something eats something.
When something is bigger than something.
So here's where you would look for an engulfing candlestick.
So if you're looking to buy.
A position you want to make sure that you have a bullish engulfing candlestick.
So picture this as a red candle.
And then picture this as a blue candle.
What is this candle doing right here?
It is engulfing this candle.
And it is now going to head to the upside.
And if you're looking to sell.
You need to have a bearish engulfing candlestick.
So you would have a blue candle.
And then you would have a big red candlestick.
Which is then going to confirm this position is going to be.
Heading to the downside.
So you have a bullish engulfing candlestick.
And a bearish engulfing candlestick.
Very simple.
Very straight to the point.
It's one candlestick that eats the last candlestick.
As you guys can see right here.
This literally happens everywhere in the chart.
This right here is a prime and perfect example.
Of a bullish engulfing candlestick.
This bullish candlestick has engulfed this red candlestick.
In that return.
And headed to the upside.
This bullish candlestick right here.
Has engulfed the last four to five candlesticks.
So obviously the more candles that the engulfing candlestick eats.
The stronger.
It's the best confirmation you can possibly ever ask for.
It's like if you were to throw a bait into the ocean.
And you were to have five, six fish about a biting.
It's a great signal that you're about to catch a fish.
So obviously a great signal that this trade is about to.
Continue going in the direction that the candlestick.
Has engulfed.
Make sure you guys remember that.
So this is going to be a bullish engulfing candlestick.
This right here is a perfect example.
Of a bearish engulfing candlestick.
This candlestick clearly has engulfed this blue candlestick.
In return it then heads to the upside.
And I can go on examples for this for literally hours.
Because every single candlestick engulfs for the majority of the time.
As you can see right here.
This candlestick right here.
Has clearly engulfed the last one, two, three, four, five, six, seven candlesticks.
That should be a really good indication that this trade is now then.
Going to head to the upside.
And clearly it did.
Now does not happen that there's usually more bullish engulfing candlesticks.
Or more bearish engulfing candlesticks.
That is a complete myth.
It is literally a facade.
If the market is heading to the upside.
You're probably going to have more bullish engulfing candlesticks.
Obviously if the market is heading to the downside.
You're going to obviously have more bearish engulfing candlesticks.
Bullish engulfing is not stronger than bearish engulfing.
Bearish engulfing is not stronger than bullish engulfing.
They both have the same equal effect.
The only thing that matters is what is the trend doing.
The trend is going up.
You want a bullish engulfing.
If the bearish engulfing is going down.
You want a bearish engulfing candlestick.
So now you are officially in your position.
You have your entry signal.
And you have officially entered the trade.
Well what now?
Like what the fuck do you do now?
Well what do you do after you catch a fish?
Well you reel him in.
Or if you have an automatic rod.
You just click the button.
Reels it in.
Well this is kind of what you would do in trading.
You would literally just click on buy the trade.
Sell the trade.
And you set and forget.
You wait for your trade to hit your take profit.
Or for it to hit your stop loss.
Once you catch one of these big fishes.
You simply click on the rod.
So it reels it in for you.
You just wait for it to hit the top of the boat.
You grab it.
Put it in.
Do it again.
Or you wait for the line to snap.
Or for the fish to get off the hook.
It happens.
There is nothing you can do about it.
It is absolutely inevitable.
It is the same exact thing in trading.
If you lose a position.
There is nothing you can do about it.
It is absolutely inevitable.
You can learn from that loss.
And you can see if you did something wrong.
And then use that to your advantage for then the next trade.
Because if you did something wrong.
You fix it.
You don't do it again.
But if you did nothing wrong.
You simply just take another trade.
It's cool.
It's going to happen.
You are going to lose trades as part of the market.
If you just lost a fish.
You have to see if the line was too light.
If your hook was too small.
If the fish was too big.
You analyze that.
You fix it.
You do it again.
It doesn't happen.
But sometimes the line might break.
Sometimes the hook might come off.
There is nothing you can do.
It is inevitable.
That you are not going to stop yourself from fishing.
If you just lost a fish.
If anything that is going to give you more of a reason.
To stay there and catch another big fish.
It is going to make you more patient.
And when you catch that fish.
It is more successful.
It is more rewarding.
The same exact thing in trading.
You lose a trade.
You don't quit.
You just don't leave.
You wait for the next good trade.
Take that same trade back.
Make your losses back.
And then you are profitable.
And if at this point.
If you have learned fishing.
Hit the subscribe button.
Because then this might turn into a fucking fishing channel.
So hit the subscribe button.
So after you have done that.
This is pretty much everything you would need in order to become a swing trader.
Obviously this is all very entry level.
And it pretty much sums up.
Of.
You.
Only having to take one to two positions a week max.
If you don't take any trades throughout the week.
Trust me that is totally fine.
I have gone two to three weeks without taking any trades.
But after that happens.
I get a really really big winner after that.
Because I have been waiting for a very solid trade setup.
You want to make sure that you are taking trades on low risk pairs.
On pairs that don't move that much.
That don't have a lot of volatility.
So you can take a high percentage risk on your accounts.
That way you can actually make more money.
Than a day trader.
Than a scalper.
Than any of these other wannabe traders.
Honestly.
I personally love the fact that I am a swing trader.
Obviously you can tell.
I am the CEO of Swing Trading Lab.
One of the top educational companies in the world.
Where we let traders make anywhere from $1000 to $1500 a week.
As a beginner set and forget trader.
If you don't know what set and forget is.
Well it is literally the creation of the best swing trading strategy.
Out there in the market.
Let's traders make profits like these.
Or even these.
And if you don't know what set and forget is.
Just hit the link in the description below.
There is a video there for you.
That explains to you exactly what set and forget is.
And what it is consisted of.
And how it's let traders make anywhere from $1000 to $1500 a week.
As a beginner set and forget trader.
And it's not just videos.
It's I literally get on a call with you every single week.
Where I share with you my top 2, top 3 or even top 4 pairs.
That I trade for the week.
So you can have the same results.
That I do.
Picture it as if we were to go fishing together every single week.
And I'm going to share with you the best spots that you can go and fish at.
The odds of you catching fish are going to be a lot higher than not.
Well it's the exact same thing in the markets.
We're going to be taking the same trades together on the weekends.
So you can have the best odds of making money rather than not.
It's not like all these other guys that just give you videos.
And they say peace out.
No.
We're together every single weekend.
So I can show you what set and forget is about.
So if you want to know more about set and forget.
And how it works.
Make sure you hit the link in the description below.
And I'll see you guys inside.
And thank you guys for watching the video all the way to the end.
I'll see you guys in the next video.


==============================
VIDEO 022 — How_To_Start_Day_Trading_As_A_Beginner_In_2025_9_hours-[aobHuNcI1QM]
==============================

Welcome to the beginner's complete day trading tutorial for 2025. If you guys are brand new to
day trading or if you guys are just getting into day trading, this video is going to be for you
guys because this is going to be my longest, biggest, and honestly, just like full compiled
thoughts on how to start day trading in 2025. It's going to give you guys every single thing
that you guys need to know. It's going to take literally hours worth of content that I've
produced and given out to you guys throughout the years of me being online, teaching you guys
how to day trade and putting it all in one place so that you guys can get started and understand
day trading from A to Z. If you guys don't know me, my name is Tyler. Everybody online knows me
as TJR and I've been full-time day trading for the past couple of years now and I've been able
to change my life completely. Literally did a full 180 of my own life thanks to day trading and I've
helped others do the same. Literally thousands of other people through free content such as this
video that you guys are watching right now or through personal mentorship, but that's besides
the point. In this guide, I'm going to be breaking down literally
everything that I know about day trading. I'm going to be talking about how to start a day
everything when it comes to mindset, risk management, strategy, understanding confluences,
understanding where price wants to go at certain times, understanding why the chart is moving at
certain times, understanding where price wants to go. All of these things that are going to help
you guys make money from the markets. And all of this stuff took me countless hours of trial and
error and it kind of led to this one big culmination of all of these videos that I put out
online. Every single video that I put out online is to help you guys become a better day trader,
whether it's mistakes that I've made in the past, whether it's videos that I wish I
had as an unprofitable trader back when I was starting. And the goal with this video is to put
it all in one place so that you guys can just have this fast track to profitability so that
you guys don't have to look anywhere else when it comes to finding any sort of day trading
education. This is essentially just going to be your guys's free course, free guide to becoming
a profitable day trader in 2025. And that's exactly why the majority of traders fail. You
guys always hear the statistic of day trading is too hard. Day trading doesn't work. And that's
not the case. It's the majority of day traders actually end up giving up. They don't end up
failing. Failing comes with any new skill. Every time I attempted to take my first trade or a couple
of first trades, I sucked at it just like any other skill. If you try and pick up a basketball
for the first time, you're going to suck. Every skill takes trial and error, just like day
trading does. And that's where a lot of people get caught up. They think that they're going to
get rich tomorrow. They think that they're going to get rich within the next month, but that's not
the case. And something that sucks with day trading and honestly, all these other side hustles within
the online money space is that it's very difficult to find a way to get rich within the next month.
All the right information and compile it into one single video or just put it into a playlist for
you guys to be able to learn what you guys are supposed to and tune out all the noise and all
the BS that's online because there's a lot of it that's circulating the web and you guys can get
super confused. You guys can mix up strategies. You guys can mix up confluences. And in turn,
it takes you guys a lot longer to be able to turn profitable. So the goal with this video is to put
everything, all the good information in one video that you guys can just press play and watch it
start to finish and have all the education necessary.
For you guys to turn profitable. And that is my goal with this video, just putting everything in one
place for you guys. I'm so excited for this video because it's going to be an absolute banger. I'm
taking every little piece of knowledge that I've dropped throughout the years of me being on
YouTube and just putting it in one place. And it's literally just going to be a full A to Z guide
on how you guys can crush day trading going into 2025. So before we get into these first couple
videos that we are going to compile for you guys to help understand what day trading really is,
I need to readjust what your guys' headspace is when you guys are going into learning how to day
trade. Because a lot of people kind of misconstrue what they think day trading is. They think that
they're going to jump right into it and they're just instantly going to make money. That is not
the case. Just like how I was explaining before, day trading is a skill just like anything else.
You guys are going to suck at it at first and you guys are going to be really horrible at it at
first, but that's okay. As long as we are making these mistakes and then learning from them,
never making those mistakes again, that's how we're going to grow. So I don't want you guys
into this just thinking, holy shit, this is going to turn me profitable today once I grind through
however long this is going to be like 15 hours or 20 hours worth of content. But you guys need to
keep in mind that all of the education within here is going to help you guys stay on the right path
towards profitability. And the problem with a lot of these other day trading gurus online or with
all these other day trading videos online is they're saying like, hey, this one strategy will
turn you profitable in five minutes. And then you guys go and watch that video and then you're like,
okay, cool. Let me go apply this. And then you guys lose your first fucking 10 trades. And you're
like, God damn it. Why didn't I turn profitable in five minutes? Like the video said I was going to.
So I need to reshift your guys' headspace and help you guys understand what day trading really
is, how we can actually get good at the skill and put you guys in the correct headspace when you guys
are going into this education. So first of all, what is the goal of trading? It's not to make
money. Every single one of you guys probably thinking, oh, day trading is to make money. No,
it's being able to get into the marketplace and accurately predict with a high probability on a
daily basis where price wants to go. So again, let's repeat that. What is day trading? Day trading
is getting into the markets on a daily basis and being able to accurately predict with a high
probability where price wants to go. And the awesome side effect of that is making money.
Now, if that's our main goal, there's two sides of this. Goal one, make money with trading. That
is going to lead you guys to take actions, to get results that you guys are not going to get.
Which is losing a whole bunch of money. Because if you guys get into the market every single day
and just think, how can I make money? You're going to be placing trade after trade, after trade,
after trade, and you guys are going to end up losing money. Versus if you guys go into the
markets with the headspace of how can I predict where price wants to go using the confluences and
using the strategy and using the headspace and using the risk management that I'm going to teach
you guys in this video, then that changes the game a little bit where instead of us thinking,
I want to make money right now, you are thinking, how can I predict with a high probability where
price wants to go today? It's going to help you guys avoid taking trades that you guys shouldn't
be taking. And it's also going to encourage you guys to be taking trades that you guys should be
taking. And then in turn, what is that going to lead us to? The awesome side effect of being able
to predict price action, which is money. It's just like any other skill. But with trading,
there's a super strong correlation with money where it's like you are risking money on this
trade and you are either going to make money or lose money. We need to detach ourselves from that
and instead be thinking when we get into the markets, we are not trying to make money.
We are just trying to predict where price wants to go. And by thinking like that, it's going to help
us stay away from taking trades that we shouldn't be taking. And it's going to encourage us to take
trades that we should be taking. And on top of that, it's going to help us get over the speed
bumps that we are going to face. Again, like I was saying, this isn't going to be help you guys
get rich quick in one day or one week or one month. This is going to be a long time in order
to grow and build this skill of day trading. And hopefully you guys can understand that I'm not
going to get on here and BS you guys and say that you guys are going to be able to get rich,
right after this video. That's not the case. Okay. I'm going to keep it real with you guys.
You guys are going to have to digest all this content. And then from there, apply it,
make mistakes, learn from those mistakes. And that's how you guys are going to grow as a
trader. And that's how you guys are going to be able to accurately predict price action with
higher probability. Instead of just thinking, I want to make money today. There's no room for
growth in that because it's either make money or lose money. So if you're just getting into
the market saying, I want to make money or getting into trading saying, I want to make
money. You're in it for the wrong.
Reasons because what is the core of day trading? It's predicting where price wants to go. Like I
was saying before, that's going to help us avoid a lot of these early beginner mistakes that a lot
of you guys are going to face. So in order to get good at trading, we need to instantly shift that
in our head. And that's what I'm going to cover in all of these videos that we're just going to
dump you guys straight into, to be able to shift your guys' head space from, I want to make money
with trading and instead get into how can I predict price action consistently on a daily basis
with a high probability.
And then the side effect of that is money. It's just like any other skill. If I want to make a
lot of money as a basketball player, what do I have to be good at? I have to be good at putting
the ball in the hoop. I have to be good at dribbling. I have to be good at passive. If you
want to make money as a basketball player, you don't think, how can I make more money playing
basketball? You think, how can I get better at basketball? And then in turn, what's the side
effect of that? You make more money. So it's the same thing with trading. So we need to detach
ourselves from thinking trading is about making money. No trading is about getting good at trading.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
And just like any other skill, once you get good at a skill, there's a high and awesome reward at
the end of the fucking rainbow. Okay. And hopefully this video is going to help you guys get to where
you guys want to go. So keep that in mind when we go into all of these videos, this is what your
guys' head space should be when you guys are getting into these first initial videos that
I'm going to dump on you guys. So with that being said, let's jump right into it.
This is kind of going to be like a primer to help you guys get your mind right and help you
guys understand what it takes to become a profitable trader before we can even
get into any sort of education. Because a lot of you guys are going to come into this thinking
education is what I need. I just need to learn more. I need to learn the strategy. I need to
learn this. I need to learn that. And it's not the case. Strategy is, is honestly like far from
the determining factor of you guys being profitable or not. And the real determining factor is going
to be time and consistency in the way that you act in the way that you operate. So what I kind of like
to talk about is skills. We can treat trading as a skill where I love using this analogy. If you
tell a basketball player or sit, sit someone who has never played basketball down before and tell
them, you know, every single day for a month long, they have to watch an hour long video of
basketball training videos. So they don't get a basketball. They just have to sit down and they
just watch these training videos, going over the basics, dribbling a ball, shooting a ball,
and you know, between the legs, behind the back.
Layup jump shot, three pointer, whatever. Right. And then at the end of that month,
you give them a ball and you have them play basketball, right? They're going to be at a
certain level after watching those videos. And then on the contrary, if you give just another,
another person who's never played basketball in their entire life, give them a ball and say,
look, you know, you have an entire month and you have a single hour every single day, and you just
have to figure this out, figure it out. You know, they've never played basketball. They don't know
how it works, but. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. They have to figure it out. All they know is the rules and you know, what they're supposed to
do. Odds are the person that has the basketball and is able to practice in a, and just learn from
mistakes over and over again is going to be in a lot better position than the person who just sat
on their ass watching basketball skill videos, which now leads me to how this correlates to
trading. It's the same thing. It's the same thing as a skill where if we sit down a trader and we
say, Hey, look, watch this month long, watch this month long series, or, you know, this literally
year long series of me, um, teaching you guys how to trade concepts on trading. And if you guys
don't apply it, if you guys don't practice it, you guys won't get anywhere. If you guys just
watch it and like, think that you're learning stuff by watching it. And then like the next day,
you just like, boom, try and apply it and instantly expect success. You're not going to
be successful versus.
If you guys were to just sit your ass down, sit in front of the chart and practice and drill,
you know, maybe you guys don't even nest. Like again, let's apply this to trading. Let's say
we sit someone down and say, Hey, just watch again for a month. You have an hour each day.
And you guys are going to watch trading videos and then, you know, boom, see how they see how
they act in the market. And then we have another person who's never done trading in their entire
life. And the person just sits them down and says, figure it out. You have an hour each,
day for a month long. I guarantee you without a doubt in my mind that the person who, who has to
actually be trading live trading is going to be a better trader because they're going to start seeing
patterns repetitions within the market. They're going to fail and they're going to learn from it.
So what happens when we can combine the two? What happens when we can watch videos that are
helpful, that teach us skills that can hopefully get us over some of those beginner mistakes,
some of those beginner failures that we have.
And then along with.
Drilling it in learning, we are going to be a great trader. Similarly with the basketball analogy,
if we give them the opportunity to sit down during that month and watch an hour long of tutorial
video videos on beginner videos of people playing basketball. And then right after that, they get an
hour to practice it and to drill it. They're going to be a lot better than those two people
who only had one of each. And it's the same thing with trading. Okay. So if I teach you guys,
a strategy, or if I teach you guys concepts, or if I teach you guys, or if I give you guys a lesson,
it's not as simple as just sitting down and digesting the YouTube video and writing notes
on it, because that's just step one. Step two is actually taking action and practicing
it and repeating it. And I feel like that's what that's this whole that people get sucked into is
this YouTube just black hole of information where they sit down and they watch every single two.
In ICT videos. And they never end up applying it. And the only time that they try and apply it is
when market opens and they only get like one shot because they hear TJR or they hear ICT say,
Hey, only take one to two trades, one to two trades a day. And then it's like, wow. So
we're consuming way more than we're practicing. And that's the biggest issue. We need to be
practicing almost equally with consuming. And then we get to the point where we've consumed everything.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. That's the thing that we need possible. Because same thing with same thing with trading
and basketball. Okay. If we think about basketball, the best basketball players in
the world, the skills that they have, they're just really good at the basics. We think, you
know what makes Stephen Curry one of the best players in the world. He's just really insanely
good at shooting the basketball. If we compare step and curry to one of the globe trotters,
the globe trotters.
are arguably have better, more crazy skills, but they're not as good at shooting as Stephen Curry.
It's the same thing. I've heard this analogy before as being healthy. If you want to get
healthy, stop trying to look in the one percents and look at the 99%. If you want to get healthy,
that special running shoe, isn't going to make you healthier. That little whoop bracelet on your
wrist that tracks your heart rate, that tracks everything, isn't going to make you healthier.
What's going to make you healthier? Four things, sleep, working out, hydration, and eating healthy.
Those four things. If you do those four things really, really well, you're going to be one of
the healthiest people ever. And it's the same exact thing with training. So if you guys can
just understand the basics, which is what I'm going to be teaching you guys here. And honestly,
like throughout all of this, I'm going to be teaching you guys how to do it.
I'm going to be teaching you guys everything, but it's going to get to the point where you guys,
again, like I was saying in the first video, where you guys can kind of pull away and be like,
look, I think I have everything possible. I think I have everything that I need,
where you guys have to step away and then just practice and practice and practice and fail over
and over and over and over again. Another analogy that I like to use is a construction worker,
a really bad construction worker versus a really good construction worker. If we give,
the really bad construction worker, a toolbox and blueprints and all the tools necessary to build a
house. And it's their first time building a house ever in their entire life. They're going to build
a really shitty house versus if you give a really good construction worker, who's built, who's built
millions of houses before that same toolbox, those same tools and the same blueprint, they're
going to build that house much better than that construction than that shitty construction worker.
And the only difference,
is repetition. So if we think about that shitty construction worker, the first house that they
build, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, it's going to be really bad. And they're going to be
like, man, that was horrible. There's a bunch of things that I can work on and I can identify the
things that I can work on. Maybe I sit down and I watch the really good construction worker and see,
okay, what did he do here? What did he do here? Okay. Got it. Got it. Got it. Boom. Build a
second house. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. It's a little bit better than the first house,
but it still sucks. And then he builds five houses and they're all, and they continuously,
get better than that first house that he built. And then he builds a thousand houses and they're
in that thousand house is going to be so much better than the first house that he built.
And then the 10,000 house is going to be so much better than that thousand house that he's built.
So it's not the tools that are the issue. It's not the concepts in trading. That's the issue.
It's not the strategy in trading. That's the issue.
It's the repetition and it's the practice. That's the issue. It's the time. That's the issue.
You guys are lacking time and you guys are lacking repetition within the market and that's
our biggest issue.
That's it.
This video is going to be rather short because I need you guys to understand this concept
because I'm going to continue trying to provide value because right now I'm a good construction
worker and you guys are bad construction workers, right?
You guys are unprofitable.
If you guys are watching this, you guys have never traded before.
You guys are on your first house.
I'm going to lay out tools for you guys.
I'm going to give you guys your toolbox and then I'm going to give you guys your blueprint
through strategy, through confluence, but I can only give you guys those pieces.
I can't force you guys to build your houses.
You guys have to take it upon yourself to build your houses.
You guys have to take it upon yourself day in and day out depending on how much time
you guys have within every single day and how bad you guys want it to see how many houses
you guys can build.
Okay?
Okay?
So let's say again, we take the super, we take two people who have never built a house
in their entire life and we give them the same toolbox and the same blueprint and the
same tools necessary to build a house and the first bad construction worker builds one
house every single day.
Will he eventually get to that good construction worker spot?
Will he eventually get there?
Yes.
Okay.
His timeline is going to be however long.
Let's say, let's say for him to be a good construction worker.
It's going to take 10 years for him to be able to perfectly make houses over and over
and over again.
And there's always going to be room for improvement for him.
Now, let's say we have that second construction worker and we give him the same tools, the
same toolbox, the same blueprint, the same materials, but he makes five houses a day.
He is going to have way more time building houses.
He's going to have way more repetitions.
He's going to have way more experience.
He's going to have way more mistakes than the person who just builds one.
House a day.
So by the time that five year period is up, the person who built five houses a day compared to the person that
built one house a day is going to be so much better.
But again, with trading, this is why it's difficult with building a house.
Are they leaving any of their tools out?
Are they go straying from the blueprint?
No, if they stray from the blueprint, they'll never be good at building houses.
If I, or if we go back to that construction worker example, if we take a shitty
guy, let's add a third one to the mix, that third construction worker, he has the same tools.
He has the same blueprints.
He's the same materials as those other two guys.
And he makes 10 houses a day, but he leaves out pieces of the blueprints.
Every single time he builds a house, every single time he builds a house, he builds it differently in the
wrong way.
And he doesn't apply and doesn't use all the tools necessary.
By the end of that five, five year period, that guy will, will be in a worse
position than the person who built one house every single day for five years,
consistently doing it the right way.
He will also be so much farther behind the person who built five houses a day
correctly for five years straight.
So how can we apply this to trade it?
A lot of you guys who literally know everything necessary in order to turn
profitable are not profitable.
And why is that the case?
Because you're not.
Doing what you're supposed to.
You're not following the blueprint.
You're not following your trading plan.
You're not following your strategy.
You're acting on emotion.
You're you're trading, not based on confluences.
You're not trading the same every single day.
You're switching your strategy every single day.
So same thing.
Imagine if we throw another construction worker into the mix, we have four
construction workers now, but the fourth construction worker, we give him different
tools in different blueprints every single month.
That's what you guys are doing with your trading strategy.
You guys are implementing a new.
Strategy every single month.
And you're pretty much putting yourselves back to square one.
That person, if he gets a new blueprint and new toolboxes and new materials
every single month, he will be nowhere near again, where that person who did
five houses, the perfect, the right way consistently for five years, he won't be
near them.
He won't be near the person who built one house consistently correctly for five
years straight.
And he'll probably be on that equal level of the person who skipped out on, on, on
steps in the blueprint.
And somebody who, who didn't use the tools necessary.
So we have to understand how we're acting within the market.
We have to act with discipline and we have to act with consistency.
And those are probably two of the biggest lessons and two of the
hardest things to learn within trading.
So before I wanted to get into any sort of tools or strategy or concepts, I need
you guys to circle back to this video.
Every time you guys feel yourself straying away, because as you guys start straying
away, you guys are giving your guys, you guys are literally.
Yeah.
Starting new.
You guys are setting yourselves back to square one by watching a new strategy, by
implementing a new thing that you guys saw on YouTube versus if you guys take just
what you guys know will turn you profitable.
The basics, just like how Steph Curry is the best shooter in the world.
Why?
Because he shot over and over and over and over and over again.
And he's really good at that one simple thing.
He's also really good at other simple things.
He's really good at dribbling the ball is Steph Curry.
One of the best basketball players in the world.
Because he's good at a triple behind the back spin, move, reverse layup, no, so advanced,
he doesn't need that.
He needs the basics.
It's the basics that make you good.
So that's my issue with a lot of these traders out here because they keep throwing different
strategies at you guys.
And that's not what I want to do.
What I want to do with it with this is not even necessarily give you guys a strategy
is just to lay out the tools and the blueprint and the materials necessary for you guys.
To learn how to build a house on your own, to learn how to become a profitable day trader
on your own, because again, similarly with those construction workers, with those NBA
players, Stephen Curry is really good at shooting the ball.
Kyrie Irving is really good at dribbling.
They're both really great players in the NBA, but their skills are on two different
basic things.
It's the same thing in trading.
If you guys suck at a concept, you know, maybe you guys can take.
Take time out of your day to drill it, to get better at it.
Just like a basketball player who's bad at dribbling, but really good at shooting.
Okay.
But what would they want to do while they are still bad at the skill they're going to
want to utilize their good skills.
So for me, if I'm really good at executing on a single concept, why should I come through
and try and add a new concept and add a new thing, add a new tool, add a new material
that I've never used before.
That I don't understand completely that I'm really bad at and try and build a house with
it.
Try and make it a part of my game.
Try and make it a part of my strategy.
It doesn't make any sense.
You have to utilize what you're good at and that's what trading is.
I'm going to give you guys concepts and I'm going to give you guys tools in order to become
a profitable trader, but you guys are going to be good or better at certain tools than
everybody else.
Okay.
There are some things that are going to click in your head.
That makes sense to you.
You have to use.
It makes sense to you because if it doesn't make sense to you and if it doesn't work for
you, don't use it at all because it's not helping you and maybe you do want to get good
at it because you know it's a fundamental and you know it's necessary to be a really
good trader.
Just like understanding what a candlestick is like the open and the close.
That's a really basic thing.
If we can understand that, we have to understand that to be good at trading and maybe it takes
longer for you to understand that.
So what are you going to do?
You're going to drill it in silence and I know I was just talking about that with a
beginner concept.
Yeah.
We need to think about that with our strategy and with how we take trades because if I introduce
order blocks and it really makes sense to your friend Jeremy, but it makes no sense
to you and Jeremy's hitting a thousand winning trades on it every single day, day in and
day out and you're like, I want to be like Jeremy or I want to be like TJR who's trading
this certain way, but you don't understand how it works or it doesn't make sense to you.
You won't be a good trader.
And instead, if you're really good at entering off of fair value gaps or spotting a liquidity
sweep and that's what works for you, it wouldn't make sense for you guys to try and only enter
off of order blocks.
If you guys know liquidity is your forte, you guys have to do what's best for you and
what makes sense for you and what's your best at.
And then if you want to add something new to the mix, don't add it in live trading scenarios,
add it in backtesting, add it in private until you get so good at it.
Where it's literally so overwhelmingly obvious that you need to add it to your, to your arsenal,
to your toolbox, and then you'll have another tool that you're really good with.
And then that's what will make you a good trader.
So I'm going to end this video here and hopefully that changed your perspective on trading and
maybe you know, you, you guys are a five year long trader and this is what's the missing
piece for you and you guys can be done off of this because a lot of you guys, so many
of you guys, you guys have already gone through my bootcamp.
You guys have already.
You guys already understand the fundamentals of trade and I'm going to start with the fundamentals.
I'm going to start explaining candlesticks.
A lot of you guys already understand that a lot of you guys are pros with that already.
A lot of you guys really understand strategy.
You guys understand you guys literally have the tool.
You guys already have the toolbox, the tools, the materials, and the blueprints in front
of you and you guys just haven't been practicing.
You guys have just been watching.
You guys have just been consuming or you guys have been consuming and not practicing.
practicing enough. Or in some people's case, where you guys are full on beginners, you guys haven't
consumed at all. And you guys haven't practiced at all. By putting your guys' head in the right
spot, by understanding that trading is a skill and teaching you guys how skills are made. It's
by consistently doing the same thing over and over and over again until you get really good at it.
So with that knowledge, I will see you guys in the next video where we can start adding tools
to our toolbox. A lot of times you guys just have problem solving issues. Ever thought of that? You
guys need to work on your problem solving skills. And for whatever reason, I've gotten really good
at problem solving. I had this seventh grade teacher in computer science, and we had a problem
solving checklist. And it was pretty much so he didn't have to answer dumb ass questions. What
the checklist was, was like, literally just go down all of this checklist before you even ask
him a question. It's like, check all plugs and connections.
Check all plugs and connections.
Check if the Wi-Fi is good. Restart it. Do this. Turn the power off. Turn the power back on.
Unplug it. Plug it back in. And then it was this seven step list that was a problem solving list.
And more often than not, you would go through that list and you would never have to ask him a
question ever. Obviously, there's more problems to solve than just like, oh, the computer's not
working in computer science class in seventh grade. But it's pretty similar where it's like,
if you guys can't do this, you can't do this. You can't do this. You can't do this. You can't
really work on your problem solving skills, then you'll be able to solve problems. But anyways,
my mastermind student asked me a question and said, hey, what are good psychology books? And I
said, this is a good psychology book. I wrote it myself. And I opened up a text box and wrote it
down. And it goes like this. Learn a strategy. Perfect. I'm going to teach you a strategy.
Don't ever change it. Don't change it. Don't change it. I'm going to strangle you if you change it.
Go back to the construction worker example. Literally, I don't know how many times I'm going
to have to yell at you for you guys not to change it because you guys are going to change it every
other day because you're like, yeah, training's not working. Yeah, because you fucking just
learned it. Understand that good things take time. You're not going to get rich quick from this
ever, ever in your entire life. And if you think that's how it is, guess what?
You're going to die unhappy because your life's going to suck dick. Okay. Good things take time.
Learn a strategy. Don't fucking change it. Do it forever. Trade it forever. Until you get good
at it. Manage your risk. Meaning, you know, make it so you can live to trade another day.
Don't be a dumbass. That can be applied to all of you. Don't over trade. Don't over leverage.
Probably one of the biggest ones here, circling back to never changing your strategy.
Don't have multiple mentors. I was in my mastermind class again today, explaining order blocks,
how I mark them out, how I trade order blocks, how order blocks work for me.
These people, they pay me a certain amount of money to teach them how I trade.
And somebody goes in there, TJR, this guy on YouTube marks. Is he me? No,
you literally paid me money to teach you how I trade. And you're saying this person,
I don't give up. Because guess what? The second you say, well, you're fucking, you're screwed up,
bro. You're already changing shit. Make it as simple as possible. Have one single mentor.
If your mentor is a good trader and knows how to trade and has a good strategy that works for them,
that makes them profitable.
Guess what? If you use that strategy, if it makes sense for you, if it works for you and
you continue to trade at it and you get good at it, then it'll work for you too. It's awesome
how that shit works. But the second you guys start overcomplicating it and say, well,
well, TJR trades, marks out order blocks. You guys are so annoying. You guys overcomplicate
trading for no reason, bro. For no reason at all. You guys are just over thinkers and
underdoers. Wow. That was a fucking awesome quote. You guys are over thinkers and underdoers.
You guys think way too fucking much and don't do shit ever in your entire life, bro. So stop saying
like TJR, you mark out order blocks like this, but this one guy on Twitter who has 1000 followers
said he does it like this and it works for him. Then, then guess what? If it works for him and
you want to trade like him, bet, go do it with him. But the second you start fucking flipping
shit, the second you start marking out order blocks like that person does, and then you're
trying to use my strategy where I mark out order, order blocks differently. And Oh wait, now you're
trying to pull in support and resistance, throw that shit into TJR strategy. And I don't even
use that shit either. And then you say, Oh no, I'm going to throw on some Bollinger bands.
Next thing you know, you don't have a strategy that fucking works. Stop having multiple mentors,
have one single mentor, have one single person that you learn trading from,
whether that's me, whether that's anybody, I don't, I don't care. Choose one singular person
and learn from them. It's going to confuse you guys way too much. It's going to cause you guys
to hip hop from strategies. It's going to cause you guys to get information overload and start
thinking, Oh, well, price price came down, bounced off a support, but wait, TJR said,
this is a fair value gap, but wait, I see. He said, this is a PDA, right? But wait, there's a
like, shut up, bro. Like shut up.
Your brain is going fucking berserk. Tell it to shut up. Because if you look at how I present
trading, I literally, it's like a step-by-step playbook. It's like this happens. Then this
happens. Then this happens. And you press buy or sell and you take your hands, you shove them
into your ass.
You don't do anything until stop loss or take profits get hit. And Oh, would you look at that?
The next chapter in TJR is trading psychology book is don't overthink. I didn't even read
that far. Don't overthink you guys sit down. This is what you guys do, bro. And for all
beginners watching this, remember this video, because this is going to be you guys. When
I start introducing concepts, don't do what I'm about to do.
Okay.
And it will benefit you so much. Well, on the weekly timeframe, we got to break our structure.
Oh wait. Okay. So this is an order block right here. And then we tapped into this, but then if
we go into the daily, we're in an uptrend right here. And then there's a fair value gap right
here. So we're bullish right here, but bearish right here. And then
the
equilibrium, it came in here and then, and then we had a higher, high, higher, low, but then we broke
structure right here. So I thought we should have gone down and then we broke structure again. And
then we actually went down, but then we, we liquidity sweeped and then broke structure again.
And then we're ready. This is what I want you guys to do. Just like, if you guys could do me a favor,
if you guys are actually passionate about trading, and if you guys want to learn from me, if my
concepts make sense to you, if you guys want to learn from me, if you guys want to learn from me,
if the way that I trade makes sense to you, if you guys just like me as a mentor,
because I can teach it, shift simply to you guys. Stop overthinking and just
forget everything that you've ever, ever, ever, ever, ever in your entire life learned about
trading. And you know, what's crazy. I went into the mastermind, the very first lesson
I was like, yo, literally take everything that you've learned from trading, besides the basics,
like, what the hell did you do? You did not get any of these things that you've learned from trading.
what a candlestick is and what a nut trend is and what a high or what a low is and throw it
out the window. And it's crazy because when we were talking about shit that you would think
is like a basic ass thing, like literally what a high and low is, these people, like that,
guys, my mastermind, my mastermind's hardest subject to understand
was how to identify highs and lows in the market, bro. And this is as simple as I put it. I'm going
to teach you guys the same exact way that I taught them, not like this is just a shortened version of
it. Because for them, it took a full hour to get this.
A high is a two candlestick pattern, a move up, then a move down, a green candle, then a red
candle. A low is a two candlestick pattern, a move down, then a move up, a red candle, then a green
candle. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. You would think that it would have ended there.
There were questions for about 30 minutes. Let me try and find the
example that somebody used. This was it. Again, I know if you're new here, if you're just getting
into trading, trust me, this will be beneficial for you. I know you don't quite understand what
I'm talking about right now, but trust me, we have to just throw out the garbage. We have to
stop overthinking because if we can stop overthinking and just take it for what the
information is and stop thinking this is some fucking hard ass, impossible, weird,
that you have to just wrap your brain around, it turns out it's pretty easy.
This is what they said. Remember, what did I say? A high consists of a move up and a move down. It's
a two candlestick pattern, two candles. What do the two candles have to be? Green, then red for a
high. The guy said, well, what about this? Is this the high right here? Why isn't this the high?
Do you see?
A down candle following it. It literally took like 10 plus minutes to explain
that this is the high. And the awesome thing is, is like, if he was able, if we were able to like
identify that, money would have been made on this day. I made money on this day. It's shit like
that where it's like, you guys are just overcomplicating this for no reason. For no
reason at all.
Stop overcomplicating it. The last line on the book, I know I just deleted it or it might be still
be on here. I think I deleted it, but the last chapter in the book was just execute. My psychology
can be broken down like this. Do what you're supposed to do and don't do what you're supposed,
what you're not supposed to do. Again, it's literally as easy as that.
What are you not supposed to do in trading? You're not supposed to overtrade. You're not supposed to
overleverage. And if you're doing either of those, you have an issue bigger than trading. You just
have a life issue in general. That means that if you tried to stop any of your bad habits right now
in life, you wouldn't be able to, which means you have no hope in trading whatsoever, ever in your
entire life, like ever.
If you can't, if, if it's so, if it's literally that hard for you, where if you truly want to
become a full-time day trader, it should be so easy to just be like, don't overtrade, don't
overleverage and execute on the strategy and just let time do its thing. And you will get good.
It literally could be, I could end the trading transformation here. And you guys could use,
grab a strategy from the internet and get going, get started with it. The problem is some of you
guys just must not want this shit enough because if you wanted it enough, you would know exactly
what you're supposed to do and you would do it. And you would know exactly what you're not supposed
to do and you wouldn't do it. So then it comes to an issue of like, you're not supposed to do it.
Like, what are you even doing this for? Are you doing this just like, are you doing this because
you, it's you put it in your head that trading is a get rich quick scheme because trading is not a
get rich quick scheme. Anybody that says it is, is a fucking idiot because givers quick schemes.
There's no such thing as a get rich quick scheme. Unless somebody comes to you, which I'm not doing,
and says, this will change. You can make like a hundred thousand dollars from this in a month
and you believing it. And then you trying to do it and lose all your money doing it.
That's what a get rich quick scheme is. I'm telling you guys right now that trading is a skill
and it's not a get rich quick type of thing. And I told you,
it's going to take a long time to get good at this skill. So if you truly want it bad enough,
you will literally start today doing the shit that you are supposed to and stop doing the shit
that you're not supposed to. And it really shouldn't take more than that. Like, it shouldn't
take more from me than that. Because if you're unable to do that, you don't want to be a trader.
Like,
it's as simple as that. Or you don't want it bad enough. Because if you wanted it bad enough,
you would have been doing the shit that you were supposed to do. And you wouldn't be doing the shit
that you're not supposed to. It's as simple as that. And some people genuinely just don't want
it bad enough. So I'm glad that I made this video today. This can be kind of like our filter of who
wants to be good at trading. And the question that I'll leave you guys with this, with this video,
hold on.
Chug jug. The question that I want to leave you guys with is why do you want to trade? Do you want
to trade for the money that you see on the internet that comes from trading? Or do you want
to trade because you genuinely enjoy being able to come into the markets day in and day out
and predict where where price wants to go? If you said the first answer,
you'd be like,
Thank you for coming to my trading transformation, take everything that you applied and apply it to
another business that you genuinely enjoy. And I just saved you thousands of dollars on courses,
on live accounts, on funded accounts, on discords, which you guys shouldn't be joining anyway,
on signals, which are useless. I saved you a bunch of money. You're welcome. Because if you
sit down on the chart, and if you sit down on the chart, and you sit down on the chart,
and you look at the chart in the morning, and think, I cannot wait to make money today, you are
doing something wrong. Versus if you come into trading, and you sit down, and you're genuinely
excited, because you cannot wait to be able to predict where price wants to go, or you just love
being able to be.
I'm like,
look, bro,
I'm a fucking narcissist. I'm, I'm a hothead. I'm stubborn. I love being right. And you know what
the best thing is? Being right in a market where everybody else is wrong. And that's why I love
trading. Literally, today, or the other day, I talked about this Bitcoin chart. Everybody on
crypto in crypto Twitter was
going to be like, oh, I just want to buy this. So I happened to. And I said no. I'm like, I'm a
narcissist. I'm like, okay, I'm Buckethead. I'm not going to buy this. I'm going to buy this. So
I said, no. I expect dick size candles. Within the next one to three weeks. Said that out of that
green light. Oh, that is what makes me happy. And my bank account. My crypto wallet is just part of
that. Because you guys can only imagine the money that I made from that move. But that's not what's
going to happen. That's going to happen. It's going to change. I think I'm going to go $30,000 in a week.
I sent them $50,000.
Yeah.
not what makes me happy again it's not I love being right I love it ah it's the
best feeling in the world to me fucking love being right and I love helping
people let that kind of sit with you for a bit before you guys go on to actually
start learning concepts because if you start learning concepts and you're like
this is boring I don't like this this is lame choose a different business the
best business that you can be in is a business that you can work on forever
and and what can you work on forever something that you love because work
won't feel like work it'll feel like fun when I was learning trading and when I
am trading I'm genuinely having fun when I'm making these YouTube videos teaching
you guys I'm genuinely having fun I'm enjoying myself it's awesome I love
it and and I can work I can do this forever I can literally it's crazy bro I
can do this shit forever forever bro I love it it's awesome like that's what
you guys don't understand I love this I love this I love teaching I love
teaching people about this it's like two passions in one it's awesome I'm
gonna Kimbo passions bro and some of you guys trading is just not your passion
and just get lost bro you're welcome I
saved you a bunch of money and I swear I swear some feet some people are going
to get through this and be like he doesn't know what he's talking about I
don't make a million dollars and then like months from now you guys are gonna
be thinking back to this video and being like damn I should have listened
to that one dude TJ our trades because the only way you're going to be really
good at something and make a ton of money from something is if you love
doing it bro swear that's the only that's the only way the only way that
you're going to make ridiculous amounts of money money that you can't even
imagine
money money where it's just like everywhere is not by pursuing money
itself it's by pursuing your passion because how do you make money you work
and if you love your work you'll be able to work forever and you'll be able
to make insane amounts of money so sit with that drop in the comments if you
guys genuinely like are like me and you just love being right love being able to
predict where price wants to go
day in and day out if that's you awesome we're nerds we're nerds together
bro love it if that's not you dip out no hard feelings I'm glad that I could help
you akimbo passions anyways I appreciate you guys I'll catch you guys
in the next one peace out I wish there was like a way for us to touch lips
after these sucks focus okay so what I want to talk to you guys about today I
want to talk about how trading can be really easy if you just simplify it and
I know I talked about that a little bit in the videos at the very beginning of
this whole thing but I'm just gonna continuously hammer home the mindset
that you have to be in when you get into trading and the things that you
have to be doing when you're getting into trading and the things that you
should not be doing okay because again successful people it's not necessarily
what they do that makes them successful it's what they don't do that makes them
successful because I even see within my mastermind where I been in the last five years of trading then I've even seen it within my mastermind where I have
grilled them for like the first week, everything, psychology, just rewire their brain. And they were
like, boom, we got it. And I was super hyped. I was like, awesome. Y'all are going to kill it.
And then I start laying out the tools. I say like, look, here's candlesticks, you know, like,
or they already know candlesticks, but you know, like here's break of structure. Here's liquidity,
here's fair value gaps, here's order blocks. And after all that, I start seeing in the chat
and it's like, they're doing everything that they're not supposed to be doing.
They're taking too many trades a day. They're over-risking, they're over-leveraged, like
they're just fucking up. And I'm just sitting there like, bro, what did we even talk about
for the first week then? It's almost like I need to do a psychology mastermind where it's just like
a full month where if you like already know a strategy that works for you, like, let me just
grill you for a full month until you get that shit through your head.
This is how easy trading can be. Don't overthink. Don't overcomplicate. And let's lay out what we
shouldn't be doing and what we should be doing. Okay. So I'm kind of going to put you guys onto
the charts here and we're just going to make a little text box. Okay. Talk this one out.
Let's see. So we're going to make a little box.
Talking about what we should not be doing. Okay. And this is going to apply to life. And this is
going to apply to trading. And if you can't apply it to your life, you'll never be able to apply it
to trading because that's just how the shit works. If you're undisciplined in one area,
you're going to be undisciplined in every other area. So just how life works. If you fold in one
area, you're going to fold all over again. Okay. So I want you guys to kind of do this along with
me. I'll give you guys time to pull out your notebooks, pull out a pen and paper. And you guys
should be doing this honestly, like every single day until you get it through your head. And until
your subconscious is like, just knows exactly what to do. Literally just write this shit out
every single day. Okay. So number one, even though we haven't got there yet, or first of all,
let's just talk about what this is. Whoa. So you're trading mindset shift. Can't type at all
this is going to be your trading mindset shift. Okay. And what we have to know and what we have
to understand about changing how we trade is we have to do pretty much everything that you guys
are not. We have to stop doing everything that you guys are currently doing right now.
Okay. So if we think about it, what are you guys currently doing right now? That's causing you
guys to be unsuccessful within the market. Let's just write out what
unprofitable traders do in the first place. We'll set this to the side. Unprofitable mindset.
Okay. So let's start off on this one. Several strategies. A lot of you guys, oops. A lot of
you guys are trading multiple different strategies. Every single day. You'll take one trade with TJR
strategy. The next trade, you'll watch a YouTube video on Mamba effects is five minute strategy.
You'll take that one. The next trade, you'll take a Lambo Raul strategy. You guys have like 20
different strategies that you're trying to work at all together. And you're never going to be
successful doing that in trading. You know why you're stretching yourself then it's like saying,
Hey, I'm going to try this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, this one,
all at the same time. And you're going to suck at all of them all at the same time.
And you'll never get better at
all of them at the same time,
because you're trying to do them all at the same time.
So if you wanna get good at a skill
or get good at a strategy, you have to have one single one.
So unprofitable mindset, number one.
A lot of you guys have several different strategies.
Along with that, a lot of you guys have several mentors.
Choose one.
You have to choose one.
A lot of you guys watch my videos.
A lot of you guys watch ICT videos.
A lot of you guys watch other people's videos.
I don't care who you watch.
Even if this means you guys stop watching me,
all I want is for you guys to turn into profitable traders.
I'm fine with you just saying,
look, TJR, I fuck with you,
but this guy's strategy works better for me.
Awesome, we'll dap up.
I did my job.
I did what I needed to do.
You can step out here, and then boom, okay?
Just have one mentor.
Because again, with several strategies,
I teach certain conflicts.
Your influence is a different way.
Your other mentors have different strategies.
Your other mentors, sorry, boogie.
Your other mentors trade differently than me,
and they teach things differently than me.
If you guys want to be successful in trading,
you need one single mentor,
and you need one single strategy.
Because it's the same thing.
You're stretching yourself too thin.
If you learn trading from me,
you learn trading from Raul,
you learn trading from ICT,
you learn trading from somebody else,
and then you bounce back like,
boom, I'm the new boss,
and I'll talk to you guys and talk to you guys.
So you need a mentor.
The second strategy is,
again, it's like input one, input two,
input three, input four,
and all of them are just little trickles
instead of just one, boom, full power faucet.
So have one strategy, have one mentor.
Moving forward.
You guys overthink,
and you guys over-complicate trading
way too much, bro.
Way too much.
like the cure for cancer in order to be able to be successful in trading. It's not the case.
Simple simplicity is better within trading. Guess what? I taught my mentorship students.
Okay. And I'm going to keep bringing them up because these people are going to be killers
after this shit. And I taught them, I said, look, I'm going to give you guys a strategy.
You won't be able to take a trade every day. You probably won't be able to find a trade every
single day, but I guarantee you, if you stick to these rules, 100% of the time, stay disciplined,
don't over-risk and obviously don't over-trade because you're sticking to the strategy.
You will be profitable straight out of this because I gave it to them so simply. It's literally step
one, step two, understand what you're looking for. Step three, step four, execute.
And it's like the, like I gave them literally one, it's just a checklist and then it's execute
hands off. And I guarantee you, they will be profitable if they follow that checklist.
The problem with a lot of you guys with trading is you guys are looking at 20 different timeframes.
You guys are looking at 30 different confluences. You guys are looking, having 10 different
strategies in your head. And you have,
three different mentors giving you their daily bias for the day. We need to stop that.
My mentorship students, they're only looking at four timeframes and it's three confluences
off of those four timeframes. It's as easy as that. You don't need to be looking at some bull,
like bro, trust me right now, another basketball analogy for you guys.
When you guys are looking into these advanced ass concepts, which is one of the reasons why
I'm a huge fan of these people who are teaching 30 year plus complicated ass concepts to people
who are just trying to get into trading today. You're one, giving them the opportunity to
over-trade and two, giving them the opportunity to over-complicate the buck and overthink
everything. If you guys just keep it simple and just say like, look, I understand that
right now my strategy is simple, but I know I'll be successful.
With it. Just do that, right? If you just learned how to play basketball and you know,
for a fact, you'll make that layup every single time, wide open layup. That's the only shot that
you know, you can hit that, you know, you're successful with. And then the coach puts you in
the game and then you try and hit a behind the back 360 reverse layup. You're obviously going
to miss. You're obviously going to be unsuccessful versus if you have that open layup and you just
shoot the ball, you're probably going to make it.
You have a much higher probability of making it with a simple shot compared to just as
like a two month in basketball player. You guys have to think about it like that. You
guys are like literally several months into trading, like barely even into this shit.
And you guys are trying to do shit that people who have been in the market for 30 plus years,
I'm not going to name any names, but there's somebody in, in here on, on.
YouTube that is doing this to you guys. And he's teaching you guys shit that he understands
because he has 30 plus years in the market, but you guys have no fucking clue what he's talking
about. And you guys think, you know, what he's talking about. It's like LeBron being like, yo,
Pete, this super advanced fucking basketball move. And you're like two months into trading or
two months into basketball. And you barely know how to dribble with your right and your left hand.
You're never going to be.
Able to make that shot ever until time catches up with it. You know, once you have time,
that's okay. You'll be able to get there. But for now let's focus on the easy shit and trust me
with the easy shit we'll be successful. So let's make it easy first and be successful with the
easy shit. So stop overthinking and stop over complicating. Keep it. Y'all know the saying
kiss, keep it simple, stupid. K I S S keep it simple.
Stupid.
Okay.
That's what I need you guys to do. So you guys have several different strategies,
several mentors, and you guys overthink and overmanaquilarize.
You know what else you guys do? You try and get rich quick. You need to understand that this is a
skill and this is going to take a long time to be successful in, and it's going to take a long
time to get rich in it. Right now, you guys have super low starting capital. Funded accounts can
help with that,
but you also don't know how to
trade yet. So one, you should not be trading on a live account right now. Okay. Why would a coach,
if a coach sees, hey man, you're two months into playing basketball. You've never played in a game
before. We don't know if you're going to be good. Matter of fact, come join the NBA. You're going
to be starting. That's pretty much what you guys are doing by jumping into a live account and
putting like $5,000 on the line. You're going to get eaten alive by this market. You have no
experience. You have no clue what you're doing yet. Bro, get on demo and get some reps in first.
Play in games that don't fucking matter before you go into the fucking playoffs and
in the NBA championship. This is not a get rich quick scheme. You guys make it up in your head
that it's a get rich quick scheme. You guys think you're going to get rich quick by doing this.
It's not the case. You will never get rich quick doing something. I will tell you,
if you follow all my rules, all of my steps that I'm going to give you guys throughout this
trading transformation, you will be able to make money quicker than other professions where you
have to clock in, clock out, climb up the corporate ladder. But you guys have to understand
it's not going to happen in a month. You're not going to make a hundred K a month in a single
year. You probably won't even make a hundred K in a single year after like two or three years of
trading.
And again, eventually you will be able to get to that point. It's just not as quick as you dream it
up to be. Okay. Moving forward. What else do you guys do? Let me think. What else do horrible
traders do? You guys have a bunch of different strategies. You have a bunch of different mentors.
You guys overthink everything and you overcomplicate everything. You really do think
you have to be fucking Einstein to solve this shit. You really don't.
It's like literally if you guys keep it as simple as possible, bro, you'll be able to be
profitable. You won't be able to take a trade every day, but that doesn't matter, right? If
the shot's not there and you only know that you're going to be successful on that simple ass shot,
just don't take it. It's as simple as that. Just know your time is coming. Okay. Might as well
just take the successful shot so we can get better right now. You guys think you're going
to get rich quick. It's not the case.
What else do you guys do? Moving on from the get rich quick, you guys give up way too quick
because when you don't get rich quick, you give up and you move on to the next get rich quick
scheme. What you guys put in your head that's going to get you guys rich quick. You guys think
it's going to be drop shipping. You guys think it's going to be Amazon FBA. You guys think it's
going to be growth operating. You guys think it's going to be growth operating. You guys think it's
going to be a bunch of this shit. All of those, it's the same process. Same shit. You got to work
hard for a long time, get good at the simple shit, then advance to the advanced shit, and then boom,
eventually you'll get there over the course of a long ass time. So you guys get into trading
and you're like, oh, I can't wait to make a bunch of money. You have all these different strategies.
You try, try, try, try, try,
for like one day on each of the strategies. You fail consistently. And then after two months,
you say, I didn't make a hundred K I'm out of here. If that's your mindset, get the fuck lost.
You'll never make money ever in your entire life. Swear. You'll make money, but not the way that
you want. You'll never make a lot of money. All you guys have probably the shortest attention
span ever in the entire world.
And you guys have short attention spans. You guys think this one little plugin is going to change
your life and it's not, you guys need to think long-term. And we talked about this in these
earlier videos, where if you guys can think long-term five years down the line, I know that
sounds like a long time, but think about how old you are right now. Five years, isn't that far
down the line compared to how much more life you have to live after that.
Right? If you're under 20 and you're watching this video, bro, you are, even if you're above 20,
25, 30, everything after that, you have this skill that is life-changing. Now we need to
understand that skills are life-changing. And we also have to understand that skills
take a long time to learn. And we have to have that long-term vision.
And it like,
it won't probably won't even be five years. It'll probably be a little bit less than that,
but you guys have to kick that little fucking short dopamine, fucking short attention span to
the curb, bro. You got to kick that shit out because if you don't, you're, you're not going
to make it in entrepreneurship, in business and trading, because in order to be successful in
these, you have to have a long-term vision. So kick your short attention span to the curb,
whether that means, you know, you're going to have to have a long-term vision. You're going to
have to be able to go out into the world, to be able to do a lot of the things that you've been
doing and, and that means you take away TikTok, whether that means you take away social media,
whatever it may be. You guys need to take it away.
And then last, but not least, what the hell, you guys over-learned what I'm going to teach you
guys in this trading transformation series. We're going to start you guys off at the very beginning.
A lot of you guys are going to be dipshits. Remember, I want you guys to throw away everything
that you think you know, about.
before coming into here, okay?
A lot of you guys are going to learn shit
and then be like, immediately jump ahead, bro,
and I'm gonna fucking knock you out, bro.
It drives me fucking nuts.
I teach you guys a concept
and then instantly it's like, boom,
let me apply this with some shit that I learned
from somebody else in my other strategy.
Happened in my mentorship literally the other day.
I teach them the step-by-step four timeframe strategy
on how they can be successful and we get into the call
and I'm like, all right, everyone share the trades
that they took, we're gonna go over them,
I'm gonna critique them, this and that.
People are taking trades off of one-minute liquidity sweeps,
off of, like, bro, we weren't even supposed to go
on the one-minute timeframe.
People were talking about, I went on the weekly.
Bro, did you not even fucking listen?
Keep it fucking safe.
It's simple.
There's a point of diminishing returns with overlearning.
You guys try and overlearn and underpractice.
Wow, that was hard.
All you guys do is overlearn and underpractice, bro,
and it drives me fucking nuts.
You guys think the cure to your unprofitability
is going to be watching another ICT or TJR YouTube video.
Eventually, you know everything that you need to know
about it and you just have to get to fucking work
at it.
I know YouTube videos aren't entertaining, but guess what?
They're doing no fucking good for you at all
in terms of your trading journey, in terms of your success.
Okay, you just have to get into the charts
and practice what you've already learned, the simple shit.
You guys literally get in and then you start learning, like,
20 different concepts and then you're like, bet,
I'm ready to apply all of them.
No, bro.
Let me just give you one piece, two piece, three piece,
four piece, okay?
We apply all these.
We learn how to do our layups, our easy shit,
our easy little jumpers.
We get really good at those.
Bet.
Again, this Trading Transformation Series,
this is my entire YouTube channel from here on out.
There's going to be more advanced stuff down the line.
Bear with me, bro.
I'm trying to teach you guys the right way.
But first, we have to learn the simple things.
But first, we have to learn the simple shit.
We have to get insanely good at the simple shit.
Then we add more concepts.
Boom, something else.
Boom, we're in.
Something else.
Boom, we get really good at that something else.
We just keep adding little pieces and we keep upgrading.
But right now, you guys don't know shit.
You're unprofitable.
Admit that you're unprofitable.
All you guys think you're a hot shot,
fucking best traders in the world,
you guys don't make shit from the market.
Get real with yourself.
Start with the simple shit.
You guys can't...
You guys literally are not profitable.
You guys can't even get the simple shit done yet.
That says a lot about you.
You guys literally are not successful making a fucking layup
and you guys are trying to hit a half court shot currently.
Let's start on the easy shit.
All right.
So now, what does that mean for a profitable trading mindset?
You have one strategy.
You have one mentor.
Again, I don't give a fuck if it's me or somebody else.
It doesn't matter.
Choose one singular person and I know for a fact
you guys aren't going to listen to me
and it's going to drive me fucking crazy
because I'm trying to help you guys with this shit.
I'm literally saying if my shit doesn't work for you,
go to somebody else.
You guys have to understand that this is for you.
Understand that every single one of these videos,
listen to what I'm saying because I know for a fact
you guys aren't going to listen and I'm thinking about it right now
and it's pissing me off
because I genuinely want what's best for you guys
and some of you guys just have fucking no brains, bro,
and it makes me want to .
Let me help you.
Have one strategy.
Have one mentor.
Simplify everything.
Get rich in a long period of time.
Stay strong for a long time.
Long time frame.
Bro, come on.
These people are fucking yelling outside.
Give me a second.
Long time frame mindset.
Seven.
Over practice and learn one step at a time.
Okay?
I need you guys to have one strategy, one single mentor.
Simplify everything.
Make everything as simple as possible.
Get rich in a long period of time.
Stay strong for a long time.
Get rich in a long period of time.
Understand that if you guys can do this,
you guys will get rich in a long period of time, not quick.
You guys will genuinely make money over a long course of time.
Be consistent with this for a long period of time.
You have to have, again, look at the majority of this stuff.
It's all simplicity and long-term mindset.
It can literally be boiled down to those two things.
Keep it simple and understand that it's going to take a long time to be able to do this
and you have to do it.
You have to be okay with that.
Stay strong for a long period of time.
Be consistent for a long period of time.
Think in years, not days.
In decades, not months.
And over practice and learn one step at a time.
Don't go in and learn five different confluences and then try and apply all of them at once.
You're going to suck dick at all of them.
Get into the market.
Learn step one.
Just like how we've been doing on here.
I'm giving you guys one piece at a time and then I'm giving you guys homework.
Look.
Spot these pieces.
Oh, we're good at that?
Boom.
Perfect.
Checked off the box.
Now we can add something else.
We have to over practice and learn one step at a time.
Not learn five steps and then practice it once and then give up.
Practice for weeks.
Get insanely good at it and then move to the next step.
And that is how you guys are going to be successful in trading.
Write all this shit down.
Reread it every fucking day.
Do whatever it takes.
This is it, bro.
This will turn you profitable.
Period, bro.
Like this is it.
Let's get the drip out for y'all.
Nah.
I'm playing.
Tuck that shit.
Tuck that shit.
But anyways, today I wanted to make a little video.
Not necessarily covering any concepts because what I wanted to cover is that trading is like building a house.
Or like a skill.
Okay?
And everybody, right?
Like I can be really good at trading and I can be really good at let's say identifying liquidity.
And somebody else can be really good at trading because they trade off of like Bollinger Bands or they trade off of like indicators.
And that's their thing.
And what you guys have to understand is that this shit isn't just going to be like a copy and paste ass strategy.
I'm going to give you guys a super duper systematic strategy that you guys can use.
And really like try and apply.
Buy your dolo and see if it works out for you.
Okay?
But for some of you guys, it just might not make any sense.
For others, it might make complete sense and it might turn you profitable along with all the discipline and all the psychology stuff.
Okay?
But what I want you guys to understand from this video is that every single trader is going to be different.
So I'm going to do my best to explain how I trade.
And I'm going to do my best.
I'm going to do my best to explain concepts to you where you guys can take those concepts and pretty much create your own strategy out of it.
Okay?
And that's my main goal.
And that's what I wanted to kind of get into in today's video even though we've kind of already covered it.
Today is going to be short as fuck.
Okay?
But I need you guys to understand that like when I introduce liquidity and when I introduce strategy and when I introduce all of these concepts, I need you guys to understand.
Like I'm pretty much just laying out.
I'm going to lay out tools for you guys to use.
You don't necessarily have to use them.
Some of them will be more beneficial than others.
I'm going to lay out these tools for you guys which are going to be pretty much confluences.
Okay?
So like break of structure is one tool.
I'm going to lay out liquidity.
I'm going to lay out order blocks.
I'm going to lay out fair value gaps.
I'm going to lay out equilibrium.
I'm going to lay out breaker blocks.
I'm going to try and just give you guys a bit.
Damn.
I'm going to try and lay out like a complete toolbox for you guys so that you guys are able to be like I want this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, and then bing, bong, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
You guys can work with it because it makes sense to you.
Some of these confluences and tools, you're just going to suck dick at them and they're just not going to make sense to you.
Cool if that makes – if that's the case, bet.
Leave them alone.
So before I wanted to like start introducing these concepts and these things where I'm going over these confluences and these tools, I needed to make that clear where if it doesn't make sense to you, don't fucking use it.
And if the way that I teach some shit doesn't make sense to you, either rewatch it and try and make it make sense or just pick a different mentor.
If like my strategy doesn't work for you, then like go and find somebody else.
Find somebody else's strategy that works for you.
Does that make sense?
And when I say that works for you, it doesn't mean that instantly turns you profitable because there's no strategy that's going to do that.
Turning profitable is a combination of a bunch of shit.
It's a combination of being disciplined.
It's a combination of risk management.
It's a combination of time.
Nobody talks about that shit.
Time and experience.
I saw a tweet the other day or I saw a tweet today where somebody was like, oh, you want to get good at trading or you want to get good at crypto?
Like just start clicking random buttons and see what happens and get better from there.
Like it's as simple as that.
Like experience is by far the best teacher.
That's what I want you guys to understand is experience is the best teacher.
Some of the shit that I explained to you might not make sense.
And if it doesn't make sense, kick it to the fucking curb unless it's like literally necessary to trade the way that I trade.
And if the way that I trade doesn't make any sense to you, either make it make sense by rewatching the videos over and over and over again or just find a different mentor.
Because strategies are everywhere on the internet for free.
Okay.
This is full like disclosure.
When you join like any sort of mastermind or any sort of course, including my own, your mentor is not going to get in there and be like day one.
The secret key of profitability that I've been keeping from you for this entire time that no trader is allowed to see or post for free on YouTube and they only keep it in their $2,000 mentorship.
Like it just doesn't exist.
So if you guys join like a mastermind, like my mastermind or like mentorship or somebody's course, you're going to see essentially free.
Okay.
Free information that you've seen everywhere on the internet.
But the benefit, well, okay.
Like courses, me personally, like the prerecorded shit, I'm not that big of a fan of because again, it's literally free information that's everywhere on the internet.
I like the way that I do my shit because I'm going to explain my shit to you guys.
And then it's like bet y'all can ask questions and then I can actually fix the shit that you guys are doing wrong.
But that's besides the point.
Every single strategy is for free on the internet.
Okay.
There's no little fucking hocus pocus magic key to success.
So you guys just have to find one that works for you.
And we know that strategy is not the differentiating factor of turning profitable or not.
So like if my strategy doesn't work for you, bet, choose a different one.
And then learn from all of my psychology videos and learn from my risk management videos.
And if my risk management doesn't make sense to you, bet.
Watch somebody else's video on it.
You know, like all that I can say is the best teacher is going to be experienced.
So and then on top of that, every strategy is for free online.
So like don't like again, the prerecorded shit isn't necessarily the best.
Okay.
Like the shit that will really benefit you will be like active live asking questions.
I'm going to lay out a bunch of tools for you.
And if they don't make sense and if they don't mean shit to you and if they just like you try it.
For literally months on end and you're like I'm not profitable and I'm actually using good risk management.
And I'm actually using good psychology and like you just see negative progress.
You see your win rate go down.
You see your shit just go down and I don't mean like in a week.
And I don't mean like in two weeks.
I mean like over the course of a couple months.
Then you can just say like bet scrap that shit because experience is the best teacher.
Okay.
So learn from these tools that I give you.
I'm going to give you a shit ton of tools throughout this entire thing.
And then you guys are going to grab them and you guys are going to try them and choose the ones that work for you.
And the ones that don't throw them away.
Okay.
Simple as that.
All right.
That's really all I wanted to make this video on.
I wanted to make sure you guys like understand that my strategy isn't the end all be all.
ICT strategy even though he has like a billion isn't the end all be all.
Your favorite mentors strategy isn't the end all be all.
It's not going to be the thing that turns you profitable.
You guys just have to use what works for you.
And then you guys have to get experience doing the shit that works for you.
Because if it makes sense to you like it makes sense why you're entering.
That's the best thing.
That's the biggest and best thing where if you guys fully understand why you're entering
and you understand why price is moving and reacting the way that it is at that point in time of your entry
and your exit and your take profit.
Boom.
Now just time.
That's all you need.
Cool.
That's going to be the title of this video.
Time.
Time is the secret little orb.
Wow.
Game changer quote.
Time is really what's going to turn you profitable.
It's like a Fushi commercial.
Y'all remember that?
Fushi.
No way.
Look what I literally have on my desk.
This is what time is in trading.
Fushi.
Get time.
Get experience.
Use a strategy that makes sense to you.
I'm going to lay out a bunch of building blocks and if they don't make sense to you
and if they don't work.
Cool.
That's what this shit is here for.
To turn everybody profitable.
That's my goal.
So like if my shit doesn't work for you bet I'll be able to turn you profitable by taking
you guys away from me and at least giving you guys the right headspace and like understanding
what you're supposed to do and then take it somewhere else for somebody strategy that
works for them.
Cool.
Cool.
So now that you guys know how to properly think about day trading and now that we know
that this isn't some get rich quick scheme and that this is a skill that you guys are
going to have to build over a long period of time and we understand that we are now
going to get into the fundamentals of trading.
So if you guys are brand new to day trading and you guys don't even know what a candlestick
is, what a timeframe is, these next videos are going to be super useful for you guys
to help actually start understanding the charts.
So again, whenever you guys get on YouTube, you're seeing these crazy charts of price
moving up and price moving down.
And you're like, what the fuck does this even have to do with trading and how do I
even understand this?
That's what I'm going to be covering in these next videos.
So you guys are an absolute beginner.
This is going to be super useful for you guys to understand the Japanese candlesticks,
which I know sounds like weird.
Like we have a little candlestick and we're going, no, that's well, I mean, it's kind
of like that.
We have a little candlestick and we're going through the dark to be able to predict where
price wants to go.
Okay.
But this is going to be the absolute base and fundamentals of how you guys are going
to be able to analyze.
The charts moving forward.
And this is going to be literally the base of the pyramid that you guys are going to
be establishing all of your day trading knowledge on.
Okay.
So we need to be able to understand the base fundamentals of the charts, like candlesticks,
like timeframes, like highs, like lows, like uptrends, like downtrends, like consolidation
and things such as like break of structure.
These things are going to be super beneficial for you guys to help.
Build this foundation that again is not going to necessarily teach you guys how to day
trade just off rip.
You guys aren't going to be at that point of time to where you're like, yes, I'm ready
to predict with high probability where price wants to go off of this.
No, but this is going to be our basic absolute fundamentals that we have to understand these
things in order to be able to build off of this, to get into strategy, to get into certain
confluences.
So with that being said, let's jump right into it.
And I think I've done a good job of putting you guys heads in the right position.
So that you guys can be successful moving forward.
So for everybody that is a trader, we're talking about the anatomy of candlesticks.
We're going to talk about just candles, where the open is, where the closes, the highs
and the lows of candlesticks.
And we're going to talk about highs and lows within the market.
And then we're going to talk about trends.
Pretty basic, pretty boring stuff.
But without further ado.
Let's get started.
So if you guys come across a chart that looks like this, might as well understand what's
on the chart first and foremost, right?
Honestly, we'll get into this first.
On TradingView, there's several different types of chart.
There's Japanese candlestick chart, which is usually what most people use.
There's a line chart.
And there's like Heiken Ashi.
There's all these different types of charts.
The most normal one is a Japanese candlestick chart, which looks like this.
And I have special little colors.
If you guys want to see my colors, this is what they look like.
If you copy them, it will instantly make you profitable.
You know what's crazy?
When I first started trading, I would literally copy my mentor's chart colors because I was
like, his chart looks so clean.
And I thought it would make me profitable.
Far from the truth.
So I don't even know why I showed you guys that.
But anyways, these little guys right here are called candles.
You know why they're called candles?
Because they look like candles.
We put a little flame on it.
Boom.
Look.
It's a candle.
We have the waxy part of the candle and then we have the candle wick.
And believe it or not, these little tails to the downside and to the upside are called
wicks because these are candles.
Crazy.
So I'm going to explain the anatomy of these candles.
We'll draw one right here.
Boom.
Look at that little guy.
Look at that little candle.
And let's say this is a green candle.
Oops.
How do I?
Here we go.
This is a green candle.
Okay.
An up candle or in my case, a blue candle.
Don't ask me why.
I just made it.
No.
Don't ask me why I have my candles blue and black and just think it looks cool.
Literally as simple as that.
Okay.
Wow.
This is more so an art class than it is a trading class at this point.
Boom.
This one looks a lot better than the first Picasso one that we got.
Okay.
So we have an up candle and we have a down candle.
With an up candle, a blue candle or a green candle for most of you guys, if you guys are
fresh on TradingView, there's four things that these candlesticks tell us.
Okay.
With an up candle, this line right here, we call this or actually, wow, there's a lot
to learn here.
We might just talk about candles today, not even highs and lows and trends.
I think we'll save that for tomorrow.
So this solid filled in part of the candle is called the body.
Okay.
So if we scroll down here, right, everything that's blue and up, it's the body.
Okay.
Everything that's green and up is the body and the body tells us two things.
It shows us where price opened and it showed us where price closed.
So.
With.
A green candle, the start of the body, because we know green means up, the start is going
to be down here and that is going to be where price opened.
Okay.
So in this candle's instance, it's right here.
This is where price opened.
And then it's along with that, the body also tells us where price closed.
So up here is where price closed.
You know why?
I.
I don't know why I said, you know why.
But you know why they probably made it where price closed?
Because that's where the color stops and it's like, boom, ended there.
Okay.
So this line right here is the candle close.
Closure.
Close.
Boom.
So, boom.
The candlestick has already told us two awesome things about price.
These candlesticks tell us a lot about price.
Four things.
And the body tells us two things.
Where price opened.
So the start of it.
And where price closed.
Where the end of this closing area is.
You know what else these candles show us?
They show us the highest point that price went during that time period.
And we'll get to that.
And it also shows us the lowest point.
The lowest point that price went during that time period.
And you know what those are?
Those are seen through wicks.
So this guy right here.
Just to make this look better.
So this up here is the highest point that price went to.
Hi.
Hi guys.
Hi.
Boom.
This is the high.
So that means price was able to push up here.
And think of wicks like a snail trail.
Or like a skid mark on your underwear.
You know something's been there before.
Similar with price.
Price opened right here.
Pushed all the way up to this point.
And then came down and closed here.
Okay.
Ended that timeframe right here.
You know what else these wicks show?
It shows the low.
So same as the high.
Oops.
I don't know why I typed that.
Okay.
It shows us the lowest point that price went.
So price opened.
Who knows which came first.
The high or the low.
But price opened.
We pushed down.
Leave a little snail trail.
Down to this low.
That means price got all the way down here.
And then pushed all the way up here.
And then came all the way back down here.
And then closed here.
So the highest point of this candle.
Is right here.
And the lowest point of this candle is right here.
And then it's the same thing for a down candle.
Just the inverse of the open and the close.
Because if price moved down.
Then the open is right here.
The close is right here.
The highest point of that candle is still right here.
And the lowest point of that candle is right here.
So that means price opened the timeframe right here.
Maybe it pushed up first.
Left of the little snail trail all the way up here.
And then pushed all the way down to this price at some point in time.
And then came right here.
And then closed.
Pretty cool.
Okay.
Now you're probably saying.
Well how long do these candles last?
Well that's what these cool things up here dictate.
So if we scroll down.
To the candlestick chart.
Let's actually go on Bitcoin.
Because Bitcoin is a 24 hour market.
You can see right now.
We are on the one hour chart.
And you can see within here.
Right?
Price is moving.
The close is moving currently.
Right?
Right now we're in a green candle.
Or a blue candle.
Currently.
Okay.
And we're moving up and down.
Notice how like up here was the high.
And notice how it leaves that little wick.
That snail trail.
That history.
That footprint.
Of where price went.
It's to help us understand price.
And if you look at the candlestick before there.
You can see.
You can see.
You can see.
You can see.
You can see.
You can see.
You can see.
You can see.
You can see.
You can see the candlestick before there.
What happened to it?
Where did price open?
Okay.
Opened right here.
And within an hour's worth of time.
Price at one point during that hour.
Came all the way down here.
To $47,992.
And also within that hour.
Price came all the way up to $48,147.
And then at the end of the hour.
It closed.
at $48,125. So price opened right here on the hour and closed up here on the hour.
And we can see this current candlestick, or actually let's move back and talk about this
one because this is a down candle. So boom, this was one hour, the hour before this one.
So what time is it right now? It's 6.17 my time. So at 6 p.m., this candle closed right here. And
at 5 p.m., this candle opened right here. And at 4 p.m., this candle opened up here because it's
a down candle. So this is where the candle opened. Right at 4 p.m., price started here.
Think of the open.
It's like the starting point from the hour. And during that hour, price came all the way up
to $48,377. And also during that hour, price came all the way down to $48,007.
And then at the end of the hour, it closed at $48,062. Okay. And I don't really want to
confuse you guys anymore. The only thing we'll talk about some more is timeframes.
So what time is it right now? It's 6 p.m. And at 6 p.m., this candle opened right here.
But I was just saying that that was an hour's worth of time. What happens if I click boom?
One minute. Or what happens if I hit boom, the five-minute timeframe. Now,
we're seeing the same chart, right? If we go back to the hourly timeframe,
we can see, oh, look, boom, big candles, right? Representing a lot of price movement amongst
hours of time. And then if we hit the five-minute,
we see that five-minute time, right? And then we see the five-minute time, right? And then we see
same price movement but in shorter clumps, right?
But each candle represents five minutes of price action.
So now when we see, boom, this huge leg up, we can see it in five-minute candlesticks.
And when we see this leg down, if we go to the hourly timeframe, that to us just looks
like one down candle, two, three, four, five, six, seven down candles in a row versus if
we go on the five-minute timeframe, we'll see, oh, we can see price moving up, moving
down, moving up, moving down, moving up, moving down, all the way down to here.
Still showing the same price action, still showing exactly where price went, but now
we're able to show where price went just in smaller periods of time, okay?
So if we look at this, this candlestick's about to close, right?
We know it'll close.
We can see the time right here.
It's going to close in four, three, two, one, boom.
We see that's where price is going to close.
We're going to wait for the next candle to open.
If it's going to happen, boom, the next candle opens and now it's starting to create itself.
So this five-minute candle, what did it do?
It opened right here because it's a down candle.
The open is always going to be on the top and the close is always going to be on the
bottom and it's inverse for up candles.
This candle opened at 48,169 and during that five-minute period, price was able to get
all the way up to $48,178 and also during that five-minute time period, price was able
to go down to $48,120 and then by the time that five-minute period came up, it ended
right here.
It opened at $48,147.
You're going to be trying to figure this out saying, TJR, let's take a trade.
I'm going to shoot you.
You're not even close to being ready yet.
We just have to understand – literally internal thoughts speaking in this one, bro.
We have to understand this first.
Because this is pretty hard to understand.
We're literally just going to keep – forget highs and lows and trends.
I thought – again, man, I'm jumping way too far ahead here.
We're just going to focus on candles.
If the one thing that you guys can take away is that whatever timeframe you're on represents
the amount of time that the candle has to close, from the open until the close is the
amount of time that the candle sticks on that chart represent.
And then if you're also able to identify the open, the close, the high and the low
within every single candle, then you're on a good track.
And I think I did a relatively good job of teaching you guys that today.
Let's try and drill a little bit more out.
We'll go to the 15-minute.
Now these candles represent 15 minutes worth of price action.
So if we go in here.
And we're going to go to the 15-minute.
And we'll do two more and then I'll let you guys go for this little Super Bowl Sunday
thing.
If we look at this up candle right here, where did price open?
It opened right here because it's the bottom of the shaded blue part, the bottom of the
up candle.
It opened at – and if you guys don't know where I'm getting the prices from, it's on
the right-hand side, right above me, right there.
So we can see price opened at $48,422.
At some point in time during those 15 minutes, price came all the way down here to $48,364.
And also within that 15-minute period time, price came all the way up here to $48,470.
And then at the end of that 15-minute time period, price closed right here.
Ready?
Last one.
This next candle, price opened right here at $48,440.
And then at the end of that 15-minute time period, price closed right here at $48,446.
And sometime during that 15-minute time period, price was able to push up to $48,481.
And then also during that 15-minute time period, we had a tiny little wick, tiny little poke
down but for the most part, we just ended and closed that 15-minute time period right
here at $48,440.
All right.
So that's $48,374.
And the last thing I want to leave you guys with is the cool thing about this is you guys
can see the reason why these candlesticks are so awesome and so important and so beneficial
to us is because we can see a month's worth of price action in candles.
We are able to see a week's worth of price action in candles.
We're able to see every single day.
We're able to see every single day's worth of price action in candles.
And then within those days, we're able to see four-hour chunks of those days in candles.
And within those four hours, we're able to see hour chunks within those four-hour chunks
within those days.
And within those hourly chunks, we're allowed to see 15 minutes, 15 minutes worth of price
action.
And within there, we're able to see five minutes worth of price action.
And within there, we're able to see one minute, every single minute worth of price action,
whether price is going up just the tiniest bit or down just the tiniest bit.
All right.
To help us figure out where price is going and I'm just going to leave that with you guys here
so
You guys now understand two things
candles and the anatomy of them open close high low open close high low and
Timeframes one minute time frame shows how many minutes worth of price action
Five minutes dumbass. No one minute the 15 minute time frame shows
How many minutes worth of price action? What 15 minutes? Yeah
Lesson one checked off. You guys are killing it
I'll see you guys tomorrow or whenever the next video comes I get like horny making these because I love teaching people
All right, peace out. All right, what's going on guys?
As promised we are going to add on to our candlestick anatomy and we are going to be doing a little bit more of a
Candlestick anatomy
And we are going to talk about highs
Lows and trends within the market
We're going to start off with
Identifying highs and lows and we're going to start off by drawing them out and we'll do the same with trends and then we'll go
Ahead into the actual candlestick chart so we can start outlining these
Market structures. Okay within the market to help us understand this. Okay, and again, we're not trying to put anything together
we're just
learning anatomy of candlesticks and being able to
Identify some basic things that is necessary in order in order for us to be successful within the market. So
Without further ado, let's talk about highs and lows. So highs and lows are a two
Can okay, I'm not even gonna try and write that but it's a two candlestick pattern and I'm not a pattern trader
but what is a pattern or creates a high is two candlesticks and
If you think about a high, what does it need? It needs to move up
And then what what else does it need for it to be considered a high?
Because if it just keeps moving up then there's there's no high
Okay, we need the high to be identified with a move up then a move down. So it's as simple as
green candlestick
Followed by a red candlestick and you take the highest point of those two candles now, what's the low?
It's the inverse a move down then a move up
Red candle green candle and you take the lowest point of those two candlesticks
Boom, you just learned how to identify highs and lows
Now believe it or not when I was teaching my mastermind this this was one of the hardest things for them to consume
For them to digest because they just couldn't wrap their head around how easy and as simple as it could be
Stop trying to over complicate things. Let's think back to our very beginning videos where I said look
I'm going to make this as simple as possible to make you guys successful
That's all I want to do. Stop trying to get in and do all this crazy shit
From somebody who's been trading the market for like 30 years and teaching you guys shit that takes 30 years of experience to understand
when we can keep this shit simple and
And get you guys off to the right foot
I would love it
If you guys just threw out everything that you've ever learned about trading and just restarted with this series
Okay
A high is a move up then a move down you take the highest point of those two candles
Lows move down then a move up red candle green candle green candle red candle lowest point and highest point of those two
Candlesticks cool. Let's go and identify it in the chart now
Cool. Cool. Cool. Let's actually just go ahead and do this on I'll find a fresh chart
Where are the highs on this within here? Okay, I see four
Move up then a move down bet highest point of those two candles move up then a move down bet highest point of those two
Candles move up then a move down bet highest point of those two candles
Move up then a move down bet highest point of those two candles
Simple now, let's find lows. I see two within this chart
Move down then a move up lowest point of those two candles move down then a move up lowest point of those two candles and if
We scroll all the way back down here move down and a move up. Boom lowest point of those two candles
We know how to identify highs and lows. We are awesome at this guy's good job. Clap it up
but wait
Some people might get confused in my mastermind somebody was asking well TJ
They are
Well, look at this candle goes up and then this candles up but then there's a move down and this was the highest point
And this was the highest point right here
What is the next candle? It's up. So I don't give a fuck about that. What's a high?
It's as simple as they move up and then a move down. I don't care how anybody else teaches it
You guys want to learn from me? Awesome. This is how I teach it and this is what works for me
So this is how I'm going to teach it. I'm not gonna give you guys no bullshit. I'm not going to look
It's a move up and a move down. Don't get fucking confused
This doesn't apply to me. This does if
This candles wick went all the way down here
But it's still followed with a black candle I
Don't give a fuck. I
don't care
At all ever
This is the low move down then a move up and you find the lowest point of those candles move up then a move
down bet
You find the highest point of those two candles
Look in here move up then a move down you find the highest point of those two candles
Boom move up then a move down to find the highest point of those two candles
Move down then a move up you find the lowest point of those two candles
Simple enough don't try and do no whatever you're thinking right now. Shut up
Shut up. Shut up, bro. I don't want to hear it
Stop overthinking
Like turn your brain off
Green than red Green Red high
Red Green low simple
caveman, bro
That's all we need
Awesome. We know how to identify highs and lows now. Let's talk about how we can identify Trends
uptrends and
downtrends, that's how the market moves a market moves in 3 different ways up
down and
sideways
Okay, we want to talk about
about how we can identify all three of the ways that the market moves. An uptrend, which is why
we have to learn highs and lows first, consists of higher highs and higher lows. So we see a high
and then we see a low and then we see another high and then we see another low. And would you
look at that? Oh, this high, this high. Oh, this high is higher than this one. And this low is
higher than this one. Wow. It keeps going. Oh, higher, high, higher, low, higher, high, higher,
low. And that's an uptrend. You know why? Because it continues going up and it's trending.
Oh, craziness. Isn't that insane? So crazy. Now take a wild guess what a downtrend is going to
look like. Lower highs and lower lows. Why does this look so shitty? Lower highs and low lows.
There's a high right here. There's a low right here. There's a lower high right here. There's
a lower low right here. There's a lower high right here. There's a lower low right here.
Lower high right here. Lower low right here. Lower high right here.
That's a downtrend. So we covered up down now. Let's cover sideways. What does market do when it moves sideways?
Where there's no sense of direction
When we're literally moving sideways, we're not going up and we're not going down. We're going side to side
And that's just called consolidation
Okay, and these trends and these movements can be found on every single time frame
Right if we go to the one minute, I'll be able to find uptrends and downtrends if I go in
Consolidation if I go to the five minute
I'll be able to find uptrends and downtrends if I go to the one hour
I'll be able to find uptrends and downtrends if I go to the weekly
I'll be able to find uptrends downtrends consolidation all of that. So let's go ahead and do that right now and
this is when it's going to get scary and
My homework for you guys is to be able to identify
Literally just get into the chart and just mark out high low high
Low high low higher high higher low be able to identify these highs and the lows in these trends in these market movements
Because if you're able to do that, we're one step closer another skill learned
Okay, so let's go into the four hour right now four hour time frame where each candle represents four hours
worth of price movement
Let's not pay attention to what price was doing before this. I'll give you guys a cheat sheet
price before this was in an uptrend
Okay
Why well if we look at it, where was price going it was going up
That's another really easy way to identify an uptrend
Versus we see what price is doing right now
Where is price going? It's going down and if we want to scale in and see this
Okay, what do we do? We start just identifying the highs and lows within the market
So boom, this is a high and boom. This is a low move down then a move up
We take the lowest point of those two candles move up then a move down
We take the highest point of those two candles
Then we look closer move down then to move up Wow
This low is lower than this one move up then a move down Wow. This high is lower than this one lower hose
lower hose
Lower lows and lower highs
We're starting a downtrend on the four hour time frame now if we get in here and look unfortunately the past couple weeks
Super sloppy price action. Let's actually zoom out a bit. It'll be easier to know then.
for us. Okay. Let's just start. Let's ignore this. Let's just start right here because I don't want
you guys to get confused. An uptrend, move up, then a move down, boom, high, move down, then a
move up, boom, low, move up, then a move down, boom, high, move down, then a move up, boom, low,
move up, then a move down. Even this classifies as a high. If the candle is so minuscule that it
looks like this where you can't even identify the color within it, just ignore it. I don't even want
to see it. Move up, then a move down. Like this, you can see the color. I'm talking about when the
candle is literally flat. There was no gain and there was no loss. It opened and closed at pretty
much the same exact price. Okay. So we see a move up, then a move down, high or high. We see a move
down, then a move up, boom, high or low. We see a move up, then we see a move down, boom, high or
high.
Let's ignore what price is doing right now. So we just identified an uptrend. Let's scale down into
the 15 minute. And now you'll start to see, okay, wow, there's a lot, there's smaller trends within
these bigger trends. And again, I don't want you guys to get overwhelmed by this. I don't want you
guys to even look into it. I don't even want you guys to get confused by it. Let's just focus on
identifying trends. Okay. We have a move up, then a move down. We take the highest point right there.
We have a move down, then a move up, then a move down. We take the highest point right there.
We have a move up, then a move down. We have the highest point right there, low or high. We see
price move down, lower. We see a move down, then a move up, boom, low or low. We see a move up, then
we see a move down, boom, low or high. We see a Doji candle, we don't give a fuck about, boom, we
see it move down, then we see a move up, low or low. We see a move up, then a move down, boom, low
or high. This was a downtrend. I don't wanna get confused with when these trends break or when that
we'll get into that later. We'll talk about break of structure later. We'll talk about
structure and all of that later. But right now we just want to be able to identify these trends.
You guys are going to start seeing trends within trends where on the 15 minute, you see a break
of structure. Ah, wow. We're getting way too far ahead. Hands off. That's it for today.
That's all I want just for you guys to be able to identify these trends, higher highs and higher
lows to be able to identify highs and lows. I need to remember you guys are just starting out,
which is what I'm here for. We'll keep today nice and short, nice and simple.
Highs, lows, uptrends, downtrends and consolidation. What is it? We don't necessarily
have much of a direction. You know, it's just kind of going sideways. And the easiest way
to see an uptrend or a downtrend, look at where it's going. If it's going up or down
on every single timeframe. Is it moving up or is it moving down? Or is it moving
sideways?
So boom, you guys just figured out how to identify trends. And you just guys, you guys just
figured out how to identify highs and lows. Awesome. Drill it as many times as possible. And
then we'll circle back for tomorrow.
Okay, focus. So today we are just going to be talking about break of structure. Okay, and we
are going to be applying everything that we learned from highs, lows and trends. Wait,
these lows, trends. So we're going to cover break of structure today. And I'm not going to tell you
guys how to use it as confluence. I'm not going to tell you guys, I'm not going to tell you guys
shit. I'm just going to explain it to you guys. And you guys are just going to have to live with
that. And understand that we're not here to learn strategy yet. Almost. Eventually. Just not yet.
Okay.
So without further ado, let's jump right into the beat.
The S&P 500.
We're not looking at that shit today. We're going to be using our favorite tool. The brush. Okay,
so let's get started. And quickly recap what we need to know in order to in order to identify a
break of structure. What's a high up down.
Candle move up and a candle move down. What's a low down up. Move down then a move up. We take
the lowest point of the move down and the move up. That's the low. We take the highest point of the
move up and then the move down. That's the high. Cool. Quickly identify it within the chart. Move
down then a move up. Lowest point of those two candles. Boom. Move up then a move down. Highest
point of those two candles. Boom. Low. High.
Do we give a fuck about two consecutive blue candles or green candles in your guys case? No. Do
we give a fuck about two consecutive black candles or red candles in your guys case?
No, we do not. Okay, so if this candle's wick was lower than this one, we do not give a fuck
because this is move down then a move up. This would be the low. Cool. Cool.
Now,
that we did a little recap of highs and lows, let's get into
break of structure. We know that trends move in higher highs and higher lows and lower highs. Wow,
that was horrible. This was good. This was a good uptrend. Let's start with the downtrend.
Damn. Come on, man. You would think that I've done this so many times. There we go. That's
good enough. Kind of a steep ass downtrend if you guys ask me.
And I can't hit the highs. When I hit the lows perfectly. Wow. Aim is off.
But anyways, we noted that an uptrend moves in higher highs and higher lows and a downtrend moves
in lower highs and lower lows. Okay, so if we're in an uptrend. Boink. Boink. Boink, Boink, Boink.
Boink. What happens when price is this Bomm. Bomm. And we end up making boom.
a lower low, boom, and then a lower high after an uptrend, break of structure. And we're typically
able to spot this even before the lower low and the lower high gets put in because within an
uptrend, if we see a low get closed underneath, that's a break of structure. And the same thing
in a downtrend, when we see a high closed above, break of structure. Okay, and you're probably
thinking closed, what does that mean? It means the candle literally closes underneath that lowest
point. So when we're in an uptrend, we're looking for lows for breaks of structure. When we're in
a downtrend, we're looking at highs for breaks of structure. Okay, so if we're in an
uptrend, boom, and we're like, wow, higher high, higher low, higher high, higher low, whoa,
low gets closed underneath. Okay, that's a break of structure. Because then this low that gets
made is going to be lower than this one. And in a downtrend, the reason why it's a break of
structure is because this high is going to be higher than this one.
What? Okay, so all we want to do is be able to identify these. And the way that we identify it
is in an uptrend, we're looking for lows. And when the lowest point of those two candlesticks of the
down then up move, if we see a candle close underneath that not a wick, remember, think back
to our candlestick anatomy. If this is a down candle, it'd be red. If the close, so right here,
if it closes underneath that, it's a break of structure. So if we see a candle close underneath that,
if it closes underneath the lowest point, then it's a break of structure. Vice versa, if this is a
green candle, and we get a break of structure to the upside, the close, the candle has to close,
meaning this line right here on the candlestick has to be above this high.
Okay, so again, this shouldn't be too difficult to understand. I just drew it out for you guys.
Let's go ahead and spot this, spot them, got them. Okay, so if we look at this, so great first example.
Okay, what were we in, if we just move this to like, whoa, my thing's glitching, just move this
here. Okay, if we just look at this, like, let's make this as simple as possible. We have a high,
then we have a low, then we have another high, then we have another low, whatever,
consolidation, then we have another high, and then boom, look at the most recent,
right? So before this, we were in an uptrend. You're probably thinking,
we weren't in an uptrend. Yes, we were. Why? Look at price, it's literally going up. We have a high,
then we have a low. Yes, this is technically a lower high, and you're probably confused. But
again, sometimes the market moves sideways. But again, this is a higher low. Okay, so as long
as the lows within an uptrend are not closed underneath, then we're not going to break
structure. But then what happens? Okay, we get a higher high, cool.
But then this candle closes, right? This is where this candle closed underneath the most recent low.
So what did that do? That broke structure to the downside. And then what do we see price do? We
come up, we make a little high right here, and then we continue lower. Okay, let's find it in
the opposite direction. Okay, break structure to the upside. This is perfect, right here. Okay,
so we see
boom, price is dumping down, we're in a downtrend, right? High, low, high, low, high, low, high. And
then what happens? This is the high move up, then a move down, boom. This candle is equal. Okay,
so we didn't necessarily get a break with this candle. But then boom, this candlestick
closed above this high within a downtrend. Where did price go after that?
And then the price went down a little bit, right? I mean, I think it was higher. And I don't want you guys to get any ideas, you guys cannot definitely will never ever, ever be able to turn profitable just by identifying break structure. So before you think that this is the golden ticket to being profitable, just like, put your hands back in your ass and keep watching these videos, okay, because you're not even a second of the way there. But this is a really awesome tool that we will use. Way later down the line and throughout all of our trading. So be sure to hit subscribe for more videos like this. Put your hands up if you want to see more videos like this. And get your ass up if you want to see more videos like this. Remember, if you're leading the population, then you're leading you're leading the population. Make sure to hit subscribe so that you can end up with the most popular products and more people, or share this video with your friends and family. Hey, I'm
we will use way later down the line and throughout all of our trading and that we have to understand
and because we know the concepts of highs lows and trends we can now identify this and now we
have this nice little tool in our toolbox okay so does that make sense when we're in a downtrend
we're identifying highs okay we're waiting for highs to get broken above and we're not necessarily
waiting we're just understanding that if a high gets closed above if the most recent high gets
closed above in a downtrend then it's a break of structure okay and now what has started an uptrend
okay so if we look from there right price ends up moving higher okay let's try to show
some other examples of this okay
on nasdaq we have a move down
then a move up price closes this candlestick all the way underneath this low where does price go
after that down okay it broke structure out of this uptrend that it was in okay we were in an
uptrend here we get a break of structure to the downside and then because we got that break of
structure we're now on a downtrend and then here we have a move up then a move down we take the
highest point of those two boom we get a break up now we're in an uptrend okay that's really all i
need you guys to understand for now okay is understand that when we're in a when we're in
an uptrend if a low gets closed underneath if we get a candle closure underneath the most recent low
then we're now in a downtrend and if we're in a downtrend and the most recent high gets closed
above now we're in an uptrend i don't want you guys to hold on i have to sneeze
you
i don't want you guys to try and put no pieces together i don't want you guys to do
any of that i don't it's not that deep you guys know highs you guys know lows you guys know
trends and now you know when we're in an uptrend and we see a candle close underneath the most
recent low it's a break of structure and now we're in a downtrend and the same thing to the
downside if we're in a downtrend and we close underneath the most recent low it's a break of
structure and now we're in an uptrend okay so now that we know the lows above the most recent
high if we get a candle closure above the most recent high now we're in an uptrend okay plain
and simple super super simple that's all i want to teach you guys today now that you
guys understand the base fundamentals of day trading charts trends highs lows and timeframes
now we can actually get into the fun stuff and before you guys get too excited okay these are
Confluences and pieces of strategy that took a very long time for me to learn
So don't get like too freaked out when we start going deep into these concepts
Take your guys's time with this because someone like me again
like I was saying this isn't going to happen overnight in one single day if you guys need to space this out and
Rewatch this video a couple times or rewind over a couple confluences that you guys may have missed out on. That's okay
I'm going to try my best to explain these in the most beginner friendly way so that you guys are able to
fully grasp these concepts and
Understand them in the complete entirety building off of those fundamentals that you guys just learned and these are going to be very
very very very I can't stress enough the most important thing when it comes to
Understanding and predicting with a high probability where price wants to go on a daily basis
So if you guys are unable to understand these confluences do not move to the next one and just say I'll get back to this
Later or all attempt to figure this out like as time goes on
No
We need to fully understand these confluences
So if you guys need to spend more time on this, please do that
I tried to structure these videos so that they're very I guess you could say like beginner friendly where we go from like absolute
Bare minimum and then we scale up to these high level skill sets
so we're going to start off with don't
discredit these early concepts that we're going to start talking about because we're going to jump straight into liquidity and draws on liquidity is
Probably the most important confluence that you guys are going to learn but again
It's one of these fundamentals that we have to
Learn and have to understand just like candlesticks just like time frames
Okay
Just like trends just like highs and lows and just like break of structure to be able to then
Transition that into draws on liquidity and then once we can understand draws on liquidity
We'll go a little bit deeper into these more advanced concepts that are going to expand your guys's knowledge on how to predict price action
Consistently with a high probability on a daily basis
So before you guys get into these just take a deep breath get your notepad out
Maybe if you guys want to draw these out while we're going over
These videos that's okay
That will be beneficial for you guys and again take your time with each one of these confluences if you guys want to split them
Up day to day, that's okay
And again, if you guys want to learn these concepts even more in depth
I have a little link in the description where you guys can be coached and mentored by me if you guys are already like halfway
Through this video and you guys are like this is freaking awesome
But I want to get like direct mentorship from you
There's going to be linking the description if you guys want to sign up for my day trading
blueprint where you guys are going to be able to get on coaching calls with me and be able to
relearn all of these confluences that I'm giving to you guys in this video where if you guys are struggling with this you guys
Are going to be able to ask me and other coaches some questions on how to figure out these confluences and structure your strategy in
The right way
So if you guys are struggling with this
Maybe you guys consider joining the blueprint because that's what it's there for to help you guys a little bit more on a more
Personal level if something like this a massive free course isn't necessarily getting you guys to where you guys want to go
So with that being said, let's jump into these confluences again. Take your time
I try and go from like
bare minimum
Scaling up to some high elite level
Analyzation of price action. So again take your time with this with that being said let's jump into it
That was insane drop a little comment below if you guys have been enjoying this today
We're talking about as you guys can tell by the title
liquidity
liquidity
liquidity
liquidity
liquidity
Liq UID wait Liq UID
Liq Uить?
Liq Uiti spellingbee
Champion, just getting I dropped out of college
Okay
Okay
Okay, so we're going to go over
This is actually smaller shit. Let me make this bigger for you guys. That's what she said for you guys boss, okay
What it is
why we need it, and then how we identify it. That's day two. So Ben, so let's cover what is
liquidity. So liquidity is just resting orders. Okay. Whoa, five. Damn, nine. We're getting higher
and higher. Okay. So what is it? It's resting orders. Okay. And this might not make a lot of
sense to you guys right now. Okay. But I just want you guys to understand the concept of it,
not where it is on a chart, not Jesus. Not where it, I'm so sweaty, bro. Not where it is on the
chart, not how to identify it. Just understand the concept itself and why we want to be able
to identify it. And then we'll get into identifying it. And then also way more down the line,
we'll talk about how we can use it.
To our advantage, to be able to take trades and to be able to understand where price wants to go.
Okay. So what is it? It's literally just resting orders. Okay. Whether that be buy orders,
whether that be sell orders, whether that be buy limits, whether that be sell limits,
whether that be stop losses, whether that be take profits, resting orders, and it is on every
timeframe. And, and,
it is required for the market to move slash change direction. Okay. So it's resting orders
and it lies on every single timeframe. You can find liquidity on every single timeframe. And
you guys will understand that more when we get into identifying it, because believe it or not,
you guys already know how to find it because it's one of the, we're going too far because
it's one of the concepts. Ooh, don't go too far. Don't go too far. Don't go too far. Don't go too
far. Don't go too far. Don't go too far. Don't go too far. Don't go too far. Don't go too far.
Don't go too far. Don't go too far. Don't go too far. It's one of the concepts that I already
taught you guys. And it's super easy to identify, believe it or not. It appears on every single
timeframe and it's required for the market to move slash change direction slash break structure
slash start a new trend slash continue a trend, all of that good stuff. Because again, we need
resting orders to be able to fill orders, to be able to make the market move, right? If we can't
fill orders, we can't fill orders. We can't fill orders. We can't fill orders. We can't fill orders.
And the market can't move, okay? And that's also why we need it, okay? Again, this is going to be
a pretty quick video, okay? So why do we need it? Why do we even want to know where liquidity is,
where liquidity lies, or why do we even want to understand it in the first place? Because
it determines where market is drawn
towards.
And it is required for market to move slash change direction. Whoa. Okay. So why do we even want to
be able to identify it in the first place? Because it determines where the market is going to draw
towards. Liquidity is used as like a magnet, just like a... Fuck, how can I relate this? Like,
have you guys ever seen the movie Robots? And that big,
annoying-ass, like, bowling ball, one robot who's mean, who's like the biggest and the most goaded
robot. And then there's like that massive swinging magnet thing, and he ends up getting sucked up to
it. You guys probably don't remember that, but it's in the Chop Shop. Y'all remember the Chop Shop?
If you guys haven't seen your homework tonight, it's watching the movie Robots. It's an old-ass
cartoon movie, but it's awesome.
But anyways, why do we need it? Because it determines where the market is drawn towards.
So obviously, what is our goal when we're trying to trade, right? Think back to some of our
beginning days. What are our main goals? To figure out where price wants to go. That's our only goal
when we're trading, is to figure out and be able to accurately predict where price wants to go. So
that's a pretty big fucking thing. If this thing determines where the market is going to draw
towards, this should be the
center of our attention. This should be the fucking thing that we give all of our attention,
because it's where market gets drawn towards, and it's required for the market to even move
or change direction. So it's what causes price to go to another price, causes price to move.
It also causes price to change direction. It causes all of the market movements.
That is why we need it in order to determine... Damn. In order to determine where price wants to go,
okay? Because again, that is our main focus, all right? And if our goal is just to make money
within trading, we're going to suck ass at predicting where price wants to go, because
if our only goal is to make money within trading, we're going to over-leverage, we're going to
over-trade, and we're not going to enter for any good reason. Versus if we just want to understand
where price wants to go, and if we just want to predict where price wants to go, and we take
accurate, sound, probable decisions off of that, money will just come along with those decisions.
So today's going to be really quick, super simple. Liquidity, what is it? It's just resting
orders, and it's on every single timeframe. It's required for the market to move and to change
direction. Why do we need it? Why do we want to be able to spot it, identify it on the chart,
which we're going to get into next video?
Because it determines where the market is drawn towards, or it determines where price is drawn
towards, and it's required for the market to move and to change direction. So pretty freaking big
deal, this little concept right here. So that wraps up our first little lesson. Fuck it. We
actually might split this into three. I'll see. I'll see what I want to do here. But anyways,
that wraps it up. Super quick, super simple.
Boom. We have the concept. Don't try and look up no extra video again, guys.
Trust me, daddy. Trust me. I promise you guys,
I'm going to make trading so fucking easy for you guys. Just go one step at a time with me,
okay? And maybe you guys are watching this five years from now, and you're like,
bet onto the next video, wrap it up, fucking chipmunk, fucking pipsqueak, okay? But for the
people that are watching this right now, if you're watching this right now, if you're watching this
in real time that are trying to learn, that are like, please, please, please just give us a
strategy, shut the fuck up. We're going to get there. You guys have to understand this shit
first, because if you don't understand this shit first, you're just going to be forever stuck in
the constant cycle of bicycle, bicycle, bicycle. Oh, I want to make money. I want to make money.
I don't even give a fuck where price wants to go. Okay? And then I'm going to scream and punch all
of you guys in the face when I meet you. And we don't want that. It would be fun for me,
but we do not want that. And I want you guys to turn into profitable traders. So it takes one
little itsy bitsy, once 1% better every single day. In fact, if you guys are watching this five
years later, it's probably better if you guys take the shit one step at a time too. And just
like, don't fucking like just get through like the next 50 videos in a single night. And then
just all just try and trade it all at once. It's going to be way too much information versus if you
just take this one step at a time, trust me, it'll be super beneficial. Today, we are going to be
talking about identifying it or where it lies, where liquidity lies on the chart. And no, we're
not going to be talking about liquidity sweeps. We're, we are just going to be talking about
liquidity in general. Okay. And you're probably thinking, what? That doesn't make any sense.
Like what? I want to trade liquidity sweeps. That's all you trade. That's every single trade
recap. You're talking about liquidity sweeps. That's all you trade. That's all you trade. That's
liquidity sweep. I know little Billy, but guess what? You need to wait a fucking second because
you don't even know anything right now. We're on day 11 of you learning how to trade. So with that
being said, we're just, today is going to be another relatively short day. All of these concepts
are going to be relatively short days until we put that bitch together.
That's going to be a long day. That's going to be like an hour. I'll probably split that bitch
into three one hour segments to put that shit together for you guys. But right now, like the
concepts themselves, they should be easy because they are pretty easy to understand. And that's my
goal to make this shit really easy to understand for you guys. So without further ado, let's jump
into the chart work and start talking about where liquidity lies. So if we think back to, I'm not
even going to pull out the Google doc, but if we think back to,
what liquidity is, right? It's resting orders or air a price range where orders can get filled.
Okay. And we think about why we need it is because that's where orders get filled. And that's in
liquidity is what moves the market. It's what causes the market to change direction. It's what
literally makes the market move on every single timeframe. So there's liquidity on the one minute
there's liquidity on the five minute, 15, one hour weekly, daily, monthly. There's liquidity
throughout all of that. And there's constant,
constant fills of these price ranges where liquidity lies filling of these resting orders
to make the market move the way that it does. So with that knowledge, we want to figure out
where do these orders lie? Where could potential resting orders be? Well, let's think about this
in just a super basic manner. Okay. If we're in an uptrend, okay. And we think,
we're in an uptrend, okay. And we think about just how a trend moves. Okay. Higher highs
and higher lows, right? Most beginner traders or retail traders,
like they're taught. Luckily you guys are being taught by me, but they're taught that like,
when you see an uptrend, you wait for a high to get pushed past and then you enter into a long.
Okay. So we know that, okay, there's going to be people entering into buys when highs get
pushed above. Okay. What else is happening? Well, in a downtrend, most people put their
stop losses above highs, right? So thankfully there's a lot of fucking idiots who think
uptrends are also downtrends, you know, like luckily that was one of the first things
that we taught you guys. So you guys don't get confused with that. But in turn, those
idiots.
Maybe they see a downtrend on a smaller timeframe. Maybe we're on the hourly timeframe and they're
on the five minute and they see a downtrend, whatever. But because of that, there's also
stop losses above these highs. So people are pressing buy when these highs get pushed above.
And also people are getting forced out of their sell positions that they were in because of their
stop losses above these highs. And if we think about how a stock exchange works, when we're
shorting a stock,
in order to exit, we have to buy those shares back at either a higher price or a lower price.
Most of the time, we're trying to get a lower price because we're short.
Okay.
So when these people are shorting the market and they get stopped out, what do they have
to do? They have to buy those shares back. So now there's two sets of resting orders
of people estaban makiизましょう.
buying.
Okay.
We have people who are getting stopped out from their short positions, and we're also getting
people going just purely long after these highs get broken above. So now we see, damn,
lots of orders get filled above highs. Isn't that pretty nifty? Okay, now let's think about
a downtrend. Let's think about lows. Well, let's do it reverse. When we're in an uptrend
and we are going long, where do we usually put our stop loss? Underneath lows. And again,
there's idiots. So sometimes we're in downtrends and people try and long these little retracements
and they have their stop loss underneath these lows. So what happens when that stop loss gets hit?
They have to sell their shares back at a lower price, right? They probably went long somewhere
within here, and then boom, their stop loss gets hit. They exit the position at a lower price,
price causing them to have to short, right? It's an exchange or sell, right? They entered into buys.
They have to sell it back at a lower price, losing money. And then at the same time,
in a downtrend, when people or retail traders see lows get pushed below,
again, downtrend, what do they do? They enter into shorts. So wow, we can see that highs
and lows are typically where a lot of orders are filled, above highs and below lows.
So bingo, there you go. We figured out where liquidity is. It resides,
above highs and below lows. Now something to keep in mind though, because we're talking about
the banks or the institutions, the algorithm, whatever, to fill these massive amounts of orders.
Okay? Because we're talking about that, we don't fucking know where they're going to
fill those orders. We just know that there's a possibility for them to enter into those orders
above highs.
lows so it's just a probability thing okay so when we see an uptrend we're not like seeing a
high and instantly being like short it right because then we would be stupid because then
then price would look like this and it would like be like the worst endless cycle of like
liquidity sweep like just a constantly expanding consolidation like that right and that's not how
it works right because we we see price move in trends higher highs and higher lows so we know
that okay there there was potential for orders sell orders to be filled here because there's so
many people going long right if we understand that there's resting buy orders here again
this market is an exchange there are resting buy orders here a shit ton of them right because
there's people going short
they're going to get stopped out and there's also people going long when this high gets pushed
above wouldn't that be the perfect opportunity for the market to fill its sell orders right
because we're playing against the house the house always wins the house is built to beat us
so how does the house beat us by going by literally going the fuck against us there's
they see oh there's a shit ton of buy orders
resting buy orders
resting above highs so when this high gets pushed above what does that give them the the
opportunity to do short it they can fill their massive amounts of sell orders and cause a change
of direction cause those break-up structures that you guys see or we're identifying on the
chart and start a downtrend but does that mean they're going to short at every single high does
they're filling sell orders at every single high and does that mean they're filling buy orders
at every single low no but we know there's just some sort of probability that it could happen
okay so i want to go into the chart and i don't want to get too ahead of ourselves but i just want
to go into identifying this and we can see this pretty frequently within pretty much like every
freaking time frame okay if you if you really try and really want to do that
okay so like again i don't want to get too into this but we see an uptrend here right moving
higher highs higher lows right there's a high right here low right here high right here low
right here and then look at this candle what does it do or if we even go into the lower time frame
we can see wow
what does this look like buy orders getting filled underneath these lows what is this
big dick of a candle thrusting to the thrusting to the downside underneath these lows do it gives
the market opportunity to fill buy orders why because people have to sell
right because people have to sell people
have to people get
stopped out of their buy orders let's say they press buy right here because they're like
oh my god it's forming an uptrend on the five minute we don't give a fuck
okay people press buy right here and their stop loss is underneath these lows
so what does the market do mink give me those no more buy orders for you you have to sell
and you have to sell for us to buy and then also what it does is it is
you have to sell and you have to sell for us to buy and then also what it does is.
does that do? I'm sure a lot of you guys, if you guys saw this big black candlestick
breaking this support zone, y'all are pressing fucking sell. Y'all are like, oh my god, it's
going to go down because it broke the support. Idiot. Market's going long. But again, if we
zoom out, because again, I don't want to get ahead of ourselves. If we zoom out on the hourly
time frame, we can see that we were in an uptrend. Let's find more examples of this. We can even find
it on the weekly time frame. Look at this. We're in a downtrend. We see a breakup structure right
here. We see a high right here. Boom. And this is how manipulative the market gets.
This was all-time highs before we had our mini freaking recession that started in 21 all the
way to 2021.
22, 23. Okay. We see a breakup structure on the weekly. And then we see, oh, this nice little high
is made right here. And then, oh my gosh, the markets were, we just made a monthly retrace
where we can't wait to get our economy back. Psych. You're my liquidity. Because what was
every single dumbass doing when they saw these highs get pushed above?
They were going long. And what did all the people who thought they were smart asses by shorting
this leg down, who have their stop losses above here, what were they forced to do when this goes
above there? They're forced to buy back those shares at a higher price, causing them to get
stopped out, right? Because that's how the exchange works. They have to buy back those shares. So
there's two forms of trading. There's two forms of trading. There's two forms of trading. There's
the buyers here, people who are getting stopped out. And then also idiots who are going long and
also idiots who are going short on this. And then what does that give the market the opportunity to
do? Fill sell orders and shit the bed. Okay. I don't know how political we can get on here.
We all remember what happened around January, February in 2020, that big spooky thing.
So scary. If we look at the monthly timeframe, let's really think about it.
Let's really think about how manipulative the people in charge, the market makers are. Wow.
Ain't that convenient. Ain't this thing right here, that little scary thing that made us lock
our doors forever and made people lose jobs and made people lose loved ones. Isn't that fucking
convenient that it comes down, sweeps monthly lows and fills a bunch of buy orders and stops
out a bunch of people who were going long throughout all of this and also caused every
person to be so fucking scared that they ended up shorting the stock market. And wasn't that just
the best buying opportunity? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Let's just, like, get this shit done.
I don't know. Okay.
We'll see.
Crazy stuff.
I haven't seen this
in like 80 or 90 hours.
It's crazy.
Crazy.
Crazy shit.
you can see through lies with the chart. And there's a reason why I, I mean, I'm not even
going to get fucking political with the shits, but there's a reason why I never entertained any
of this shit because I saw this and I saw through the bullshit. And that's the awesome thing about
charts. Charts do not lie ever. And we can see through that by seeing liquidity. So all that I
want you guys to take away from that today is liquidity lies above highs, right? Because what
happens is a bunch of people goes, go long. Do we want to go long when there's like a potential
sweep? Well, no, because the market's looking to go short.
Or has the potential to go short. And then same thing in a downtrend. Okay. We know that there's
a bunch of people who are going to go short. Why? Because there's stop losses underneath lows for
people who have to sell, who have to sell their shares at a lower price. And there's also people
who are going to go short because they, it's in a downtrend. And do we want to be a part of the
fucking market makers? We want to be on the winning side of things. So do we press buy every
time we see a low get pushed underneath? Hell no. Y'all aren't even there to learning even how to
confirm that this shit's a sweep, but we just need to be able to identify and just understand,
boom, you guys understand it. Liquidity lies above highs and below lows. That's where the
majority of orders are going to get filled.
Cool. And that's where price is typically drawn towards. It's drawn towards highs and it's drawn
towards lows. Cool. I awesome. Nice. We are going to be talking about order cocks, order blocks and
order cocks. Okay. So similar to liquidity, I'm going to be talking, we're just tight.
My brain is fried. Okay. We are going to be talking about order blocks. All right. Just
typing shit out and day one or part one is just going to be explaining them, understanding how
they work, understanding how they're useful for us. So again, today's going to be rather quick.
And then I will do part two of this and we can talk about where to identify them and keep it
simple as that. I want to do this a little bit differently than I did the bootcamp. The main
part of all of these topics. So like what I did with the bootcamp was like liquidity sweeps, break
of structure. Let's see how we can use those two together to determine where price goes. We're not
going to do that. What we're going to do is we're going to lay out each tool in front of you guys,
not tell you how to use it yet, because I'm sure a lot of you guys have already tried to use the
shit. And if you have, it's like, bro, what do I even waste my time and my hours doing if I'm never
going to.
Turn anybody profitable. But for the people that do listen, this will be fucking awesome. So the
goal is just to lay the tools out in front of you before we put them into action. And then once you
have a good understanding of the tools and why we want to use them and how to use them and how to
identify them, then we can start building our first house. Okay. So first things first,
order blocks. What even are they? Okay. Let's say price range where large orders were able to be
filled. Okay. And let's think back to, let's not even think about that actually. Okay. It's
a price range where large orders were able to be filled. Okay. So if we think order block, boom,
Okay. So if we think order block, boom,
Okay. So if we think order block, boom,
perfect representation, a block price to price of range price range where a lot of orders were
able to be filled and cause the market to change direction. Boom. Okay. It's a price range where
large orders were able to be filled and cause price or market to change direction,
break structure, all that good stuff. Okay. Boom. That's what it is. Simple, simple enough. Okay.
Why we want to use it slash. Why do we want to use it? Slash? How does it benefit us? Is the
order cock in the room with us? Is the order cock? Are you still in the room with us? Are you still
in the room with us? Are you still seeing it in your dreams? Or is it actually real? Tjr? I see it
every morning. Where, where, where do you see the order cock?
It every morning on market open. Anyways, why do we want to use it? How does it benefit us? Okay,
well, let's think about what it is. It's a price range where large orders were able to be filled
and cost market market to change direction. So why would we want to use this? Or let's reverse it.
How does it benefit us? Let's talk about that first. Well, we know for a fact, if, if large amount
of orders, okay, so sorry, I just had to go Edna mode on that. Um, but why do, how does it benefit
us? And why do we want to, or why do we want to know how to use it? Okay. If, if a large amount
of orders were able to get filled within that price range, right? It's a price range. It's a
price range, right? We see it get made. We see an order block get created. Okay. If price revisits
that area, it's more than likely that because there were so many orders that were able to get
filled before, it's likely that there will be availability for us to fill even more orders in
the same direction. So we know that price will likely, if we see a rejection, right? If price
comes up.
To that price range. And then we see like buying power out of it or like selling power out of it,
whatever type of order block it is bearish or bullish, right? Up or down. If we see a rejection
off of it, we'll likely know that, Hey, price was able to fill even more of those orders because
that's a high quality price range where a bunch of orders were filled beforehand.
To change the market direction in the first place. So when we revisit that area and then
we see, right? So if we have, ah, I don't even want to give this away, but okay. We have our
order block, right? We see that this is where the orders were filled that caused price to change
direction. I don't even want to get into this because this will be tomorrow, but if we come in
and revisit this and then we see.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
More selling power come out of that. We see rejection out of that. It's pretty safe to assume
that even more orders were filled within here. The price is going to continue lower and go in
the same direction as those orders that were filled previous. Cool. Cool. And there we go.
That is order Cox. Okay. Order Cox explained order blocks explained. All right. All right. So
welcome.
Welcome to order blocks, part two. So anyways, if you guys remember from yesterday, we talked about,
uh, what they are and why they're useful to us, how we can benefit from them, how,
why we need them. Okay. So we'll do a quick over overview of it. What are they? Okay. It's
a price range, right? Order block. Okay. It's a price range where a large amount of orders
are able to get filled that change price direction or cause market to move. Okay. So
that in mind oh and sorry and why do we want to know where to identify them within the chart
well it's safe to say that if this is our little price range it's a horrible box if this is our
little price range where large orders were able to get filled before causing price to move or
change direction safe to assume that if price revisits this price range and sees selling power
out of it if it's a bearish order block then price is going to continue in that direction
and then similarly if price revisits a bullish order block and we see buying pressure out of it
it's pretty safe to assume that more buy orders were able to get filled within here and price is
going to continue to the upside so with that knowledge now let's figure out how to spot them
within a chart and again we're not going over how to take trades off of them we are just going over
how to identify them
okay so where do order blocks appear order blocks appear where do large orders get filled large
orders get filled where liquidity lies we're combining tools we're actually going to combine
two tools liquidity sweeps and order blocks or liquidity sweeps and break of structure to be
able to find order blocks today so boom we're using our tools now okay if we know that large
orders right if we think about liquidity and change of direction within the chart we're going to
be able to find order blocks in the market we know that large orders could potentially be filled
above highs and below lows we also can know that those large orders are are filled by seeing
price push above highs and then seeing a break of structure after pushing above those highs
changing market direction so then what does that make this this leg up that's going to be
filled what is this price range that causes that liquidity sweep that causes those orders to be
filled what is this price range ding ding ding it's an order block okay so the leg up that
sweeps liquidity that causes the break of structure to the downside that causes all those
sell orders to be able to get filled is our order block and when we see it revisited and then selling
power out of it it's safe to assume that price can move further to the downside
now same thing in the other direction when we see lows get swept and how do we know they're swept
when we see a break of structure and then what does it what does that make this price range
an order block because a bunch of buy orders were able to get filled on this sweep to the downside
and then from there we see price come down revisit that area
and if we see buying power out of it it's safe to assume that price is going to continue higher
okay so all order blocks are when it's a bullish order block it's the leg down that causes the
liquidity sweep the move down just the move down okay we're going to get into this and i'm going
to yell at you because a lot of people are super freaking stupid and it makes me want to
scream it's just the leg down it's not any of the move up it's just the leg down that causes the
sweep and how do we know it's a sweep when we see the break of structure same thing to the upside
okay it's the leg up no it's not it's not this move down it's the leg up that causes the sweep
how do we know it was a sweep because it breaks structure right after that okay and it's the price
range from the leg up cool let's go into the chart and start identifying those
okay let's look at this we see on the weekly time frame perfect example we see price move up
sweep these highs when it was in an uptrend then what happened price breaks structure
changes its trend to the downside by closing underneath that low
then what does that make this the leg up from here up to here that is the order block why
is it the only the move up we don't count the move down it's only the move up
okay the move up that causes the sweep how do we know it's a sweep because we break these lows and
change market structure that we already learned about and then what does price do we revisit the
area we see selling pressure out of it price continues lower okay let's see another example
right here it's another example okay we see a low within a downtrend
how do we know it's a downtrend because we broke structure right here we're moving down
okay move down then to move up we find the lowest point of those two lows okay we see a leg down
then we see a break of structure how do we know it's a break of structure because this is the
high move up then a move down we close above it what happens to price it revisits the leg down
the move down not the move up we don't include the move up just the move down that caused the sweep
where those orders were filled what does price do it revisits we see buying pressure out
price continues higher and this can be seen on every single time frame along with every single
other tool that i give you guys during this trading transformation every single one of
these tools can be found on every single one of these time frames another cool thing okay we saw
this get filled into this order block but we made another one how do we know that okay we have a
high right here move up then a move down okay we see price push above that
we also saw price okay move up then a move down this is a high we broke structure to the upside
right on this so we were in a mini uptrend for the time being on the weekly but then what happens we
come up we sweep these highs how do we know it's a valid sweep because we end up breaking structure
with this candle where's the move up that caused the sweep it's from this low all the way up to
this high it's the whole move up what do we see
price revisits it we see selling pressure out of it price moves lower craziness look at this on the
monthly time frame we were in a downtrend how do we know we were in a downtrend because move down
then move up cool this is a low we got a break of structure awesome we were in a downtrend we see
a low, we see a move down, then when do we finally see a break of structure? Right here with this
candlestick we see a break of structure to the upside. Where was the move down that caused this
sweep? From here down to here. What does price do? It breaks structure, it revisits that area,
revisits the order block, we see buying pressure out of it, price continues higher.
Let's try and find some more examples. Right here, more examples. We weren't in a downtrend right here.
Okay, we see boom. I don't really like this example because the the sweep is on an up candle.
I take that back. I don't want to use that example. That was actually that weekly example that we used.
Oh yeah, this one's hilarious. Look at this. Remember when I was talking about this one
on liquidity sweeps? The conspiracy theory, the little scary sickness. Yeah, this one was
hilarious. Look what it made. What do we do? We come down, we sweep out these lows. Sweep out all
these lows. When do we see a break of structure back to the upside? Right here. Where's the move down that caused the sweep? Right here.
We see the break to the upside right here. We see price revisit. We see buying power out of it.
Price continues higher. So freaking funny. Let's see if I can find any on the lower time frames.
Cut up harder to spot on the lower time frame just because there's so many highs and lows.
It's a bit harder to track. Okay, this one's a decent one. All right, we had lows over here
or we could even just say this low right here. Okay,
we see the leg down that caused the sweep. Boom. We see the break of these highs with this candle.
We see the move down that caused the sweep. We see price revisit it. We see buying pressure out
of it. Price continues higher. This was one. We see we were in an uptrend. We see these highs. Push to
above. Then we see boom break structure to the downside. See the low right here. We see the
break. Where's the move up that caused the sweep? We see price barely poke its head on in there.
Move down. Price continues lower. Okay, I think I've shown enough examples for us to understand
this. Okay, the easiest thing that you guys can do is just draw this out, right? Boom, boom, boom.
this is our order block boom boom boom boom right this is the sweep okay this right here
is our order block got it cool should have been pretty smooth with that being said
i think we covered order blocks if you guys need help covering it again re-watch this video re-watch
any of the other videos that i have on it and let's keep moving okay good job all right guys
welcome to another little video so today we are going to be talking about fair value gaps
and per usual we are going to introduce these guys first by talking about what they are and
why they're beneficial to us so without further ado fair value gaps slash imbalances okay you
guys will hear me talk about both of these it's pretty much the same shit i'd i really there's
no reason
for me to use any different name for them that's literally just how that shit goes i end up just
saying the names like interchangeably so whenever you hear fair value gap whenever you hear
imbalance it's pretty much the same shit okay so first of all what are they okay so the reason
why i like to say imbalances is because it's an imbalance of market orders okay and okay that's
kind of as simple as i could put it so it's an imbalance of market orders and it's a price range
that lacks orders in the opposite direction of market sentiment so when we go into identifying
them it'll be a lot more obvious where you guys will see what i'm talking about but for the time
being just try and understand this okay it's an imbalance of market orders meaning there's a lot
more buy orders or there's a lot more sell orders than buy orders and there's a lot more sell orders
there's a lot more buy orders than sell orders and it's a price range again that lacks orders in
the opposite direction of the market sentiment so again if we see just like a huge influx in price
and we make an imbalance that price range typically lacks orders right so if we see
a bunch of buy orders and we see an imbalance get formed that price range will typically
lack a lot of sell orders okay and same thing if we see a big
rip down okay if we see a big rip down that price range and we make an imbalance that price range
typically lacks buy orders okay so why is this beneficial this is going to be a quick one
why is it beneficial to us well first of all if we know well let me just write it out first
why is this beneficial to us if price
revisits that price range so again let's say we see a big rip up and we see an imbalance get
formed and we know that that imbalance is lacking sell orders and we see price revisit that price
range where there's a huge imbalance where there's a lack of sell orders within there
and we see price revisit that area and we see buying power out of that range with the same
market sentiment right so if market ripped up we see an imbalance we revisit that and then we see
buying power out right that's the same sentiment with overall market bias or market direction
we can assume that more buy orders were filled within there and price will be able to continue
in the direction that it was going because more buy orders were filled within that imbalance
where a lack of sell orders were make sense
and that's all it is that's why it's beneficial to us and this it helps us predict where the
market wants to continue to go and you guys will see a lot more information on that when we talk
about identifying them okay but for now we just need to understand it okay for value gaps whoa
are an imbalance of market orders and it's a price range that lacks orders in the opposite direction
of market
sentiment and why is that beneficial to us because when or if price revisits that price range
with the lack of orders and then we see buying power or selling power out of that range
with the same market sentiment right like either that rip up or that rip down we can assume that
more orders were filled and price will continue in that direction that price is going so this is like
a continuation
confluence okay and we'll see when we put everything together how this can benefit us
okay this is a super super useful tool okay now different than
liquidity right and this is something i should have mentioned about order blocks as well
liquidity can be used as a draw as like a magnet for where price wants to go to right because it's
a way to get this low where price wants to go up and down so it's a way to get that high that high
but the Fed has all the money in the world to deal with this and this is important because
it's a block and it can get in the way of price but it also allows for you to have it you can
don't necessarily have to get hit to keep market going in the direction. That's why I said if
price revisits that price range and we see buying and selling power out of it because it's just the
possibility. Most of the time, does it happen? Yeah, but sometimes it won't happen. This is just
extra, extra confluence that price is going to continue in the direction that it was going in
the first place. And I'll explain more on that when we get into identifying these things. Okay,
but for the time being, this is what I want you guys to understand. It's an imbalance of market
orders. It's either lacking buy orders or lacking sell orders, depending on what direction that
big move up or down was. Okay, and if price revisits that price range where we saw the
lack of buy or sell orders,
and we see buying power or selling power out of that range,
depending on what the market sentiment was, we can assume more orders were filled and price
will continue in the direction that it was going. Cool. Continuation confluence. Order block is also
a continuation confluence. Something I forgot to mention. We'll go ahead and cover that super
quick right now. So same thing, right? We know that boom, this leg up is the order block. Does
price have to just, is price needing to come back up in here in this price range to fill those
orders? No. But if it does, and if we see selling power out of that, we can assume that more sell
orders were filled and price is going to continue in the direction to the downside. It's the same
thing with imbalances and fair value gaps. Okay, same thing to the downside, or sorry, to the
upside. We see the sweep. This is the order block.
Right? This leg down. Do we have to revisit this price range? No. Price could just move higher and
higher and higher if that liquidity sweep was all it needed. But if price revisits this area,
and if we see buying or selling power, or in this case, buying power out of it,
we can assume that price is going to continue higher. Cool. Cool. Okay. So that being said,
fair value gap.
Gaps. Day one, part one, locked in, strapped up. We're good to go. All right. Fair value gaps and
imbalances. So we talked about what they are. We talked about why they're useful for us. Okay. Now
let's get into identifying them. Okay. So what I want you guys to understand is a imbalance and a
fair value gap can be identified by three candlesticks. That's how we identify it. It's a
three candlestick pattern. Okay. And we're going to draw it out. We're going to draw it out. We're
going to draw it out. And then we're going to go into identifying them. Jeez, that was horrible.
And then we're going to go into identifying them on the chart. Okay. So I'm going to
Van Gogh these little drawings for you guys right now. And we're going to jump right in. So
imbalance is a three candlestick pattern. Okay. So there's three candles. And the easiest way to
identify it is you're going to draw it out. So you're going to draw it out. And then you're going to
usually it's a big ass move to the upside or a big ass move to the downside. Okay. Does that
always qualify it to be an imbalance? No, not necessarily. Sometimes there can be an
itsy bitsy price range that an imbalance is within. Okay. But typically we can see it like
the easiest by seeing that there's a big ass move, right? Because when, when we think back to
how we identify them or what they even are, there's an imbalance, there's a
lack of either buy or sell orders. Okay. Which is what causes that big ass move to the upside
or that big ass move to the downside, because there's no orders going in the opposite direction
of where price wants to go. Right. So, and again, if price revisits that area,
then it can do good things for us and it can help us figure out where price wants to go.
So with that being said, let's talk about identifying it and then we'll get more into that.
So boom,
three candlestick pattern. We have our first candle. Okay. We have our second candle. This
is the candle that pretty much creates the imbalance. And then we have our third candle.
Okay. How do we identify where an imbalance is? Okay. A bullish fair value gap or a bullish
imbalance. We mark it out. We mark it out. We mark it out with the top of the first candle's,
wick.
Okay. And the bottom of the third candle's wick. This is a bullish imbalance. Why is that? Well,
if we look at these three candles, we can see, okay, this candlestick,
ooh, one wick up, but then boom, selling pressure down. So we know that there's sell
orders within here. Right. We know that sell orders price got up here and sell orders push
price back down. And then the next candle, boom, big rip through candle. So we know that there's
sell orders here. Okay. Price stops right up here. Sell orders, push it down. We close. Then we
see this candle get formed. We see sell orders push down till here, but then buy orders, buy it
back up. What does this mean? This means that there were no sell orders within this price range,
right? Because we don't see any wicks going into this. If we did, right, if this candlestick,
if this candlestick's wick went up here,
we know that there were resting sell orders that were able, one, when price pushed up to be able
to push price back down and close right here. Same thing with this candle. If this candle's
wick was even lower, then we would know that, okay, price had sell orders to push all the way
back down here. Okay. So when we identify this, we need to look where the wicks are not, and we
need to see that move through it.
Okay. Where there's just empty space. It's literally a gap, fair value gap. Okay. Within here, there are no
sell orders. Now let's talk about in the other direction. Okay. I wish I could just flip this
upside down. We'll do another band go for you guys. A bearish imbalance. Oh, huge leg down.
A bearish imbalance. We identify it.
From the first candle's bottom wick to the third candle's top wick. Okay. And it's just the opposite
way around. Okay. So within this price range, we know that there are no buy orders, right? Because
we see sell orders push it down. And then right here, there were buy orders that were able to push
price back up here, which is what made us this wick, right? Because this is where price has been.
Okay. Then we see, boom, big rip down. We see it
flood through the bottom wick. And then we see sell orders push it down. And then right here,
through this price, because there's no resting buy orders to cause any hesitation through this
area. Next candle opens. We see price push up, but there's no buy orders. If there were,
then price probably would have kept pushing. But since there's no buy orders within this price
range, we got till here, stopped, and went back down. Cool. Makes sense. Now again, how is this
beneficial to us? Let's think back to,
for what percentage of time is this張이
yesterday? If price revisits this area, and then we see buying power out of it, we can safely assume that price is going to continue in
in that direction higher, right? Because we see, oh, there's a lack of sell orders within here. And then when price gets back into this price range, and then we see buying orders or buying power get out of it, what can we assume? We can assume it's going to get back into this price range.
assume that more buy orders were filled within here and since there's a lack of sell orders
price is going to move higher same thing over here when we see price revisit a bearish fair
value gap and we see sell orders and where we see selling power coming out of it we know that
there's a lack of resting buy orders within here and we can see that okay there's selling power
coming out so we know sell orders were filled what does that mean price will likely continue
down in the same direction that it was going okay let's talk about what a fair value gap is not
because we could have a huge candlestick like this but if this candle's wick is up here and
this candle's wick is down here do we have a gap do we have an imbalance no
right
it would be from this candle's top wick to this candle's down wick
and oh wait that like our our box would be inverted
what what it would be inverted there's nothing there's no box to be made on that there's no gap
okay so and if that's the case there's nothing to even mark out same thing over
here if we see this candlesticks wick go down here and this candlesticks would go up here
boom boom there's no box to draw because these wicks overlap okay we need that gap
in that lack of sell or buy orders all right now let's go into identifying it on the chart
and then i honestly think we'll just leave you guys with that for now okay so again
this is one of those things where there's going to be a lot of these on the chart right if we just
look within here we're going to see a lot of these on the chart right if we just look within here
boom fair value gap here boom for value gap here boom for value gap right here boom for value gap
right here right we could go on forever do these always have to get filled no because
if that were the case and price would just be that like going nowhere but
are they useful for if price wants to revisit that price range and we see selling or buying power out of it
is that a pretty decent confluence yes a hundred percent okay so with that in mind let's
go ahead and try and identify some of these and show it working out well this is a decent one
okay so again i don't even want you guys to be trying to put together like oh liquidity
suite break infrastructure fair value gap shut the up okay let's not get into that right
now let's just get into what we're focusing on and that's identifying fair value gaps okay so
where's a fair value gap this is a bearish fair value gap and again
because the reason why like if you guys use this and you're just like i'm just going to
spot a random fair value gap everywhere and take a trade off that you are going to be the
worst trader of all time if you're only taking trades off just fair value gaps getting pushed
into and then like buying or selling power out of it again this is a continuation confluence
let's wait until we have our entire toolbox to start taking full-on trades
okay but
we see boom huge down okay massive black candle bearish imbalance why
we see this candle six wick we see this candle six wick there's a gap we mark it out from the
low to the high what do we see price do we see price push in there and then we see price boom
push right back out selling power out of it price continues lower let's look right here
okay we see a bullish fair value gap from this wick up to this wick okay you're probably saying
oh this wick went down well yeah obviously it filled the freaking fair value gap listen okay
we see price revisit it are you paying attention didn't think so lock the in
okay we take it from this wick we take it from the top wick of the first candle to the bottom wick of the third candle
if preva if if price wants to revisit this area which it did and we get buying power out of it
cool we can assume that price is going to move higher what did price do it revisited it revisited
got buying power out of it with this bullish close and i'll talk about how we can identify
like more of like buying power after this but boom we see this bullish close price continues higher
okay um let's find more examples they're literally all over the place right here
okay we see boom huge candle right that's like the easiest way to talk about them we actually
have two right here okay this just goes to show that not every single fair value gap
is going to get filled you know relate that to life however you want not every fair value gap
is going to get filled you won't be able to fill every fair value gap but you got to take your shots
when you're
oh when you're open bullish fair value guy bullish fair value gap price pushes in we see
bullish confirmation out of it or buying power out of it okay price continues higher same thing right
here right this is all i want you guys to do just be quickly scoping these freaking fair
value gaps okay bullish fair value gap right here oh what's this bullish fair value gap how do i know
there's not a freaking wick covering the up okay you know what's not a fair value gap just
all of these like pubic hair looking wicks everywhere we don't this is nothing that this
is nothing that we're teaching today this is see these big ass gaps okay this is a bearish for a
value gap from this wick down to here from this wick down to here you're probably saying well
tjr it got filled and then we saw it go down because i know some of you guys are saying that
shit right now what did we say we're just trying to identify them not learning how to take a trade
because right now this shit like if you guys just tried to take a trade off of fair value gaps
you would lose billions every single day you would lose all of your money
ever
okay so let's lock in again right why didn't it work shut up it's going to work later
just listen right now please please please that's all i ask please listen right now
okay do you guys get the gist you guys get this okay bullish for a value gap three candle pattern
you take it from the top of the first candle's wick to the bottom of the third candle's wick and if the
wicks overlap it's not even a thing bearish fair value gap you take the bottom wick of the first
candle to the top wick of the third candle and if the wicks overlap there's nothing to see cool
that's all we need to know all we need to know is how to identify the shits we got it it's a cool box
i have i have
show and tell okay go make a bunch of cool boxes and go show your mom and dad
and clap it up for yourself you learned another tool all right today we're going to be going over
imbalances and how invalidations of them can either one invalidate a trade idea or two
validate a new trade idea which is kind of like my take on a inverse fair value gap i don't really
believe in inverse fair value gaps but i do believe in a fair value gap getting invalidated as
a confluence so today's going to be pretty simple you guys already know about fair value gaps today
we're going to be talking about invalidation of fair value gaps how that can invalidate a trade
simply by a fair value gap literally just getting invalidated by a closure underneath it or a closer
above closure above it and then we can also talk about how invalidations of fair value gaps can be
used to raise up baby ground
okay let me lock in um okay this is a good one right here again this isn't necessarily our
execution time frame but this is a good example of it right here we get a sweep of liquidity we
get a break of structure okay and then we have a fair value gap right here okay so this can do
one of a couple things we see this break of structure
right here right and then we see the fair value gap get formed so imagine we're
on like the 15 minute or the five minute and we're like okay bet this is where we want to enter
obviously if we get a closure above this okay maybe there's other confluences okay
like we have this breaker right here okay yes it gets respected off of this
okay and yes we have this order block and yes it gets respected off of this as well
but then boom it gets invalidated afterwards but we also invalidate this fair value gap okay so
i mean it's literally as simple as like it just closes above it so that's that's the first way
right just purely invalidation of a fair value gap boom right here okay but let's say so that's
that's in the down downside direction now let's say that our bias was bullish on this okay so
boom there's invalidation one where it's just like purely the fair value gap gets invalidated
and we're no longer going to take a trade off of it that's the one use of it where we literally
just get a closure of above it and then it's like okay scrap that fair value gap it's not working
for us okay and then the second use is where we can potentially use it for a confluence for entry
okay so and again i'm not that big of a fan of like inverse fair value gaps where you have to
wait for it to come back down in and like get it tapped into i'm more of a fan of it just like
a bearish for a value gap getting invalidated when our bias is bullish and we close above it
invalidating that bearish for a value gap so let's
say that our bias was bullish and we see it let's see like we sweep out these
hourly lows we sweep out these hourly lows and let's say like we already have a bunch
of confluences we break structure and there's a bearish fair value gap right here imagine we
already broke hourly structure within here let's say there there's like a break of structure right
here okay and we're looking for confluences we can use an invalidation of a bearish fair value gap
um as a bullish confluence okay so let's say we already have our break of structure and then boom
we get a closure above here that can be a reason for entry so again let's say we already have our
break of structure this can be a reason for entry and we can even put our stops underneath
that bearish that old bearish for value gap because again it could be used for a
inverse fair value gap even though i'm like in my eyes an inverse or value gap is a pretty made up
concept it's like bro like you can see that this fair value gap gets invalidated and then what
happens another fair value gap gets formed but that's besides the point we can use
this invalidation of the old bearish for value gap as a confluence to one either enter or as
just like a confluence for a potential trade setup so just like how we have regular fair value gaps
have breaker blocks just like how we have order blocks just like how we have equilibrium this
is another confluence that we can use to either enter into a trade or to set up a trade so in this
standpoint let's say that we're actually looking for a trade we can say that um okay this is
another good example okay look let's say we were bullish we see a sweep of this and then let's say
we're like actually looking for a trade setup okay we get a break of hourly structure and let's say
just dumb asses and we don't see this regular ass fair value gap and we're like oh we have this
bearish for value fair value gap right here and let's say we don't see this break of structure
okay all of this is just hypothetical and we see a closure above this bearish for value gap
okay showing that this bearish for value gap is now invalidated that can be a reason
to go long on this candle put your stops underneath the old bearish for value gap
and then boom price continues higher okay um let's find another example of this
and again obviously we need but it can't just be like oh bear bearish fair value gap gets so like
this is a perfect example of when this wouldn't work because look okay we get a break of
structure to the downside right here damn shut the up can y'all not tell i'm making a youtube video
on guys pipe down anyways but look like we can tell that this is an obvious bearish setup right
we see a sweep of liquidity we see a break of structure we see an order block right here we
see a breaker block right here and we see price push into that order block push into that breaker
block just because we invalidate this bearish for value doesn't mean like holy we're gonna
go bullish right because this is an obvious bearish setup so again just like all of our other confluence
oh see order block take trade or see fair value gap take trade right that's not going to work we
need all of our other confluences to be in line with it like a sweep of liquidity a break of
structure all of that right so this is an example where that wouldn't fly that wouldn't
work because again we're still in a downtrend and we pushed into just another one of our confluences
we're still within equilibrium all that okay so let's just keep drilling the out and show
other examples of where this would work
um let's get down to business i need to take up this so bad i gotta take a peepee
really not much going on let's go over here i gotta be so bad bro boys i literally might
pause this video and then go take this or i might just take you guys with me um
okay so this is an example of where like we get kind of two in one okay so we see a sweep of these
okay and we kind of get two confluences in one like i was saying we get a sweep of these lows
we get a break of structure to the upside and in turn with that break of structure to the upside we
invalidate this bearish fair value gap and at the same time we make
get a sweep out of these lows okay we get a break of structure right here invalidation of this fair
value gap um and then we end up taking out these highs right here okay so boom we get a break of
structure to the upside on this candle you know maybe you find some bullshit within here but
okay we invalidate this fair value gap we end up seeking out this liquidity right here and this
liquidity right here man i gotta take this boys i'm literally in a swimsuit i might as well just
go pee right now damn whole bunch of chaba city in this bitch here let me go into like a market
open i wonder if today's market open i heard that since it's since i'm in hawaii um fuck did i remove
all the drawings damn it i gotta be bro here let's go to es i heard that today's market open was
pretty shitty because i was watching more trades take talk um just kidding but seriously okay
so
let's go into the hourly okay there really wasn't fucking shit today but
let's just okay oh here look okay so today we sweep out again is this a trade that i would
take probably not um but whatever it's a good example today we get a sweep out of these lows
okay and we have a bearish fair value gap right here we see price boom close above that shit
and further see we get a closure above we come back down retest that inverse fair value gap but
in turn there's a bunch of other confluences here okay like we just have um a regular ass like
smaller bullish for value gap from this week to this week um you could have used equilibrium i'm
pretty sure equilibrium got hit i'm literally about to pee my pants boys yeah so boom we can
see that equilibrium got hit inverse for value gap got hit i'm literally about to pee my pants
um you could probably scale down into the one minute um find a break of structure the upside
boom cool enter right here take profit you know find some sort of confluence over here
um um find some sort of take profit based off this i'm gonna find a way to pause this okay
wow i can't even pause it holy shit all right okay well okay um here okay
okay
um okay whatever but anyways you guys see this this was a 15 minute bearish for value gap we
get a closure above that we retest it and then boom price moves higher we take out these highs
cool cool cool could have taken like a small little like one two
fucking i don't know if you enter right here take profit right here i don't know you might
have gotten like one to one risk reward on that if you're entering off the one minute time frame
i'm fighting for my life
okay fuck it this is gonna be really weird i might take you guys with me i hope no one steals
my shit okay go yard backpack with like 150k worth of watches just sitting out in the open
let's rally i hopefully don't find this sus i'm just gonna act like i'm on a business meeting
with you guys this is so weird me walking into the bathroom but yeah guys print out the balance
sheet damien i'm sick and tired of this shit damien you have to print that shit out
and if you don't you're fired sorry i had to act professional this is so weird okay i'm gonna
kind of hide you guys if you're asking if i wash my hands the answer is no you know why because
if you touch your penis when you go pee like what like it's a urinal for a reason let that
bitch spray you know like i'm literally just ripping my shorts down and just unloading the
clip all right
that was a risky play boys anyways go yard bag still here locked and loaded okay so let's lock
back in anyways wow i feel so much better i can actually focus okay let's go to nq see if we have
an example of this wow boys i can literally like breathe again okay we don't have the invalidation
until all the way up here
okay let's try and find
more examples of this wow i feel so much better guys
infinitely better off this shit let's go to like the five minute
some bullshit like that oh here we go okay right here okay i mean just this leg down i'm assuming
that this was like a big ass sweep of liquidity there we go okay we swept out all these lows i'm
pretty sure we're gonna be okay i'm pretty sure we're gonna be okay i'm pretty sure we're gonna be
okay i'm pretty sure this was on like cpi or some high impact news day if i remember correctly
that was so crazy i can't believe you guys want to pee with me anyways we come down
downstairs we sweep this out okay from here when do we get the invalidation of the fair value gap
right here we don't necessarily get a break of structure but okay this can be one of our
confluences okay we come back down into this fair value gap um again or into this inverse
fair value gap again what other confluences are we hitting um we're hitting the fair value gap
equilibrium off the back end boom damn chill jamal boom okay we hit equilibrium and then we
get a break of structure right here bet price ends up moving higher okay that's pretty much
all that it is okay i'm not necessarily a huge fan of using inverse fair value gaps like getting
tapped back into as like a confluence to take a trade off of but i'm not necessarily a huge fan
i am a fan of seeing fair value gaps getting invalidated and taking trades based off of that
okay so again like yeah you get better entries by price coming back down and like retracing into it
but we already have so many other confluences where like i bet if we go into the one minute
on that shit damn come on guys if we go into the one minute i'm sure we can find something right
like boom huge
one minute for value gap within here okay break of structure right here bet like long john silver
off of that you know take profits ot dub okay um okay this is like another example of this i mean
one minute for value gap there's a shit ton of like bearish one minute fair value gaps within
here okay it gets invalidated we come down we fill my guess is we hit equilibrium off the back end on
this piece boom we
come down, fill equilibrium, bullish reaction up, okay, it's like they're building the fucking
great pyramids of Giza out here, like, hauling two-ton fucking rocks in wheelbarrows right next
to my shit, anyways, we invalidate this bearish for value gap, we get a closure above, cool,
confluence one, confluence two, we already had a break of structure, okay, and then, boom, we come
down into equilibrium, we get a bullish reaction out of that, cool, you can long off that, stops
under our invalidation point, which would have been off of equilibrium, or, fuck it, you can put it
underneath this bearish for value, the last bearish for value gap, that's all the way down
here that got invalidated, whatever you guys want to do, but this is just another confluence that I
said I wanted to make a video on, because I use it occasionally, kind of as, like, a supporting
confluence, and also sometimes, like, a support confluence, and sometimes, like, a support confluence,
sometimes, occasionally, as an entry confluence, so, there we go, not really much else to say on
this, again, this is a good example, okay, we push up, invalidate this for value gap, we come back
into it, scale into the five minutes, see if there's anything juicy within here, eh, not really,
we sweep out these five minute lows, we can see if we're getting ackee on the one minute, um,
but, yeah, there's inverse for value gaps explained,
slash, invalidation of fair value gaps explained, for one, we already know, like, if a fair value gap
gets invalidated within our trade bias, cool, it just is invalidated, we're no longer using it as
a confluence, and if we see a fair value gap in the opposite direction of our bias, and it gets
invalidated, we can use it as a confluence, and we're gonna teach you guys something that I've
been using for, honestly, the past, bro, I don't even know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't
even, I can't even remember how long it's been, and again, y'all are gonna clown me, because I
thought I found out this shit on my own, and turns out it's a fucking ICT concept, but I'm gonna,
and again, I haven't seen ICT's fucking video on this, so if I'm explaining it wrong, I'm not
trying to explain it the way that he explains it, I'm gonna explain it how I understand the shit,
for what it is, cool?
Cool, so today, we're going to be talking about something that ICT calls a BPR, which honestly is
like a, he love, bro, he's nasty with those three-letter fucking change-ups that he just
pops in there, oh yeah, that, FBG, me, ICT, you, BPR, you know what that means?
BPR, BPR, BPR, BPR, BPR, BPR, BPR, BPR, BPR, BPR, BPR, BPR, BPR, BPR, BPR, BPR, BPR, BPR, BPR,
Bitch syndrome, I don't fucking know, but anyways, this is combining pretty much inverse fair value
gap along with fair value gaps to just pretty much encapsulate a imbalanced price range, so
before we even show this on the charts, I kind of want to give you guys an idea of what this
would be, so let's say we have a violent move, damn, bro, already lagging out, we have a violent
up and we form like a bullish imbalance right here and then we have like some movement over here
and then we see price boom get another violent move down and we form boom a bearish imbalance here
that's like or here i'll make it a little bit less like crazy bearish imbalance right here
okay and we see boom this is imbalance price action and this is imbalance price action when
we see a bullish imbalance get formed and then disrespected along with once it gets disrespected
seeing a bearish imbalance form or overlap with that bullish imbalance we can safely assume
sorry i didn't even realize the microphone was just mounting in your ear um
but we can safely assume and say like hey
imbalance price
range imbalance price range this whole price range right here is imbalanced so what can we expect
if price comes back up in this and we start seeing downward movement it's going to continue
lower is it something special no is it something that is even necessary not really but
it's just another confluence you know and this is something that i've been mentioning a lot
in a lot of my trade recap and yeah it's pretty much just two fair value gaps that overlap in the
opposite direction showing us a just a super solid super awesome imbalance price range that price
will more than likely want to come back and balance out cool so let's show this in action
on the chart okay yeah so like this is a perfect example right here so right here right we see this
boom violent candle to the upside and and mainly for these guys we're not
on foot finder like trying to zoom all the way the in and catch the toes
of like an itsy bitsy spider fair value gap okay we're not trying to do that we're
looking for like the size candlesticks you know what i'm saying barry woods on this guy
all right um you know this is tjr this is like yannis all right so we see this bullish imbalance
right here right we see it gets tapped into whatever that's not even what we're talking about
and then we see boom price like little oozy vert flooded the face
now we have this big ass bearish imbalance right here right you see the part where the bearish in
balance and the bullish imbalance overlap yeah that's the part that we want to boom identify
and that's what our bpr is it's pretty much saying hey from here up to here that's our
really high quality imbalance price range because we see two fair value gaps that got formed right
what is the actual imbalance price range it's where they overlapped
because we can see on this price got balanced out down to this wick
and down to here price got balanced out down to this wick essentially
because we see price flood all the way through there and as we're pushing back up through here
it also gets balanced out this was also a news candle okay but we can see that this works perfectly
right here right we obviously get a little leg up and then boom
consolidation but we can see the tippity top is boom
where these two fair value gaps overlap okay let's uh find another example
to show this off let's uh go down into the smaller time frames and you're probably asking
how do you use this i'm not necessarily looking at these on a high time frame again we can apply
any of these confluences we can apply any of these confluences we can apply any of these confluences
whenever the we want on whatever time frame but most the time when i'm using this it's
more so during entries so how about we scale down to like a actual area where it would be beneficial
okay so let's see if we can see anything going on in here okay yeah this is a great example right
here boom so right here we see a link to the map okay boom so this would be our long term profit
see okay dick candles up dick candles down again in comparison to the four
hour chart in those news candles it's nothing too special but it's it's at
least something okay we see right here this is the bullish imbalance damn I
don't even know if that hit ooh it didn't hit it we have this one as well
though okay so we have this bullish imbalance this bullish imbalance both of
them get invalidated after this candlestick and then we have this
bearish imbalance right here honestly we can go ahead and leave both of these
babies on here okay because they both overlap this we could honestly just like
bring this one up so it's just the sliver right there okay but we can see
price pushes back into where the bearish imbalance overlaps the bullish
imbalance and the bullish imbalance overlaps the bullish imbalance and the
bearish imbalance and it barely misses this top one right here and then price
continues down and again what's the difference between using this and a
fair value gap again it's not much right we very well could have just used this
bearish imbalance but it's higher confluence because we can see hey this
is a much I guess higher attracted area where price is going to want to fill its
imbalance because not only do we have a bearish imbalance but we had a previous
bullish imbalance and price is still moving swiftly through that area so we
when we move swiftly through to the upside we're like okay cool but then
when we move through it swiftly to the downside it's like okay this whole area
right here sorry I realized the microphone was still up a little bit too
high this whole area right here is still in balance and price is going to want to
come come back through and balance that out let's try and find another example of this
Friday's price action was pretty shitty but we can still we can still kind of
show this right here even though this wouldn't necessarily have gone out in our
gone in our direction again we're trying to use this for entries assuming
that there is an entry within here I just kind of want to go over how we can
identify these things so right here again similar situation we have a bullish
imbalance right here bullish imbalance right here we have another one
right here these the bullish and bearish imbalance right here pretty much dead
fucking even and then we have another bearish imbalance right here okay we can
leave this here we can shrink this guy up to where it overlaps boom and then we
just have a more centralized area where price is likely going to react off off
again this is whatever speculative
because don't even know the bias going into the day but yeah oh this is like a
decent example let's see if we can go in on the five minute here completely
removed okay so on the five minute here we have this bullish imbalance or sorry
bearish imbalance this bullish imbalance boom shrink this down boom we can see
that this is like just fucking optimal range right we see
it's like we've got a bullish environment here here we see that the
price is backing up for it's probably still good for a better chance for us
to see a higher time frame here so let's see what we can do here we can go
ahead and pull down the day shifts if I can 2 of them let's see here they go
down and down here great put the day shift down six times from here up to
the day shift let's go straight back down let's go right down again here and now
off-rib. This is a good one. Okay. So, right here, we have boom, super swift move up. Right here,
super swift move down. We can boom, shrink that up to where they overlap.
Mink. Boom. This is our high-quality imbalance price range. Okay. Let's see.
This is another one right here. We can see swift moves up, swift moves down. There's a whole bunch
of fair value gaps within here. This bullish one, this bearish one, and this bearish one doesn't
fit with the bullish one. So, we can actually just leave this right here because the bullish
one fully encapsulates that. So, that's the one that we want to be targeting. Boom. Price bops
its head into it. Flush work.
But, as you guys can see, these things are like all over the place. Similar example right here.
Bullish and a bearish. Boom. Okay. We have big flush up, big flush down. Shrink this bad boy.
So, it's a line. Okay. Price pushes up into it. Flood of the face to the downside. And again,
keep in mind, this is going to be used
with bias in mind. This is going to be used with finding the optimal price range on like the 15
minute to five minute time frame to look for entry, right? We're looking for like liquidity
sweep. Then we're looking for break of structure. And then when we are able to scale down to the
lower time frame, like our execution time frame, that's when we can use these to our advantage.
Is this something that's like make or fucking break? We need to use this in our trade? No. But,
is this something beneficial that you can use as extra confluence? Like,
hey, there's a fair value gap right here and there's also a fair value gap right here.
And I don't know which one I should choose because right now it's in this one
and it looks like it's going to go down, but it might come up to this one.
And we also see a big ass bullish imbalance that's like right here. Boom. Shrink work. Delete.
Delete. This is the most likely area that price is going to be looking to fill. Why? Because there
was a bullish imbalance along with a bearish imbalance. This is the most imbalanced price
range. Cool? Cool. Hello, lover boy slime ball, backdoor slat. What is happening?
Is my shit crooked? Does my shit look crooked to you guys? Hold on. Bro, why is it-
It's not crooked! Technical difficulties. Anyways, we are in the Miami setup. The view's nice. Look at
the view, guys. Look at my view. This is what I see out of when I'm looking at you guys. It's
pretty sexy. But, regardless, we are going to get into probably the easiest concept
ever in the entire world today called equilibrium. Okay? So we have covered liquidity sweeps or just
liquidity. Equality sweeps. We have covered things like liquidity sweeps. We that are wollen
We have covered equity sweeps and trend Y in all rounds. We have covered Pitx推ing and opportunity
entsprech компьют continuous manipulatable trading game. We have covered these boxes juggernauts bacterial
projects, and Y states Uz and To ink kay we are layering because we know there's too many people
covered break of structure. We've covered order blocks. We've covered fair value gaps. Now we're
getting to equilibrium and then we'll also get into breaker blocks. And then from there we can
put it all together and then make you guys actually learn the strategy that I've been
talking about for fucking ever now, or really just the past month. And you guys have been
feeding for it. So without further ado, let's get into equilibrium. Let's make this nice and quick
because it's pretty fucking easy. Okay. So equilibrium. Okay. We'll talk about what is it,
why it's beneficial to us and why we would potentially want to use it. Okay. So what is it?
It measures the point. So it measures the point from swing high to swing low or vice versa.
Damn, come on.
I feel like I'm typing on a typewriter. Okay. So equilibrium measures the point from swing high
down to swing low or vice versa. So swing low to swing high where price is in a premium or
a discount. Okay. So it measures premium and discount from swing low to swing high or swing
high to swing low, just depending on what trend it's in.
Okay. And we'll get into that later tomorrow or the next day talking about how to, how to identify
this. But this is what we know. Equilibrium helps us identify premium in a discount. Now let's break
this down. Let's figure out how is this beneficial to us? Also, sorry, it sounds like I'm talking in
a, what were we even talking about? Right? The reason why this is beneficial to us,
let's put this in human terms. Okay. When you guys go to the grocery,
store, imagine the most delicious, the most delectable, your favorite food on earth. You go to
the grocery store and it's 50% off. Are you going to buy it? Yeah. You're probably slamming your
card down and buying it 10 times. Okay. On the contrary, if you guys go to the grocery store
and that same item,
is two X the price. You're probably not as, maybe you buy it, but you're probably not as
willing to buy it. Right? That's essentially what equilibrium is because we think about the
banks, the market makers, they want the best price possible. They are looking to buy in a
discount rather than a premium. Okay. So that's what equilibrium does for us. It
identifies a premium and a discounted price. And because of this, it's a continuation confluence.
Okay. So it's a continuation confluence. Okay. So right. Are we going to be able to identify
where price is going to reverse based off equilibrium? Well, no, but if we think about
this is kind of getting into identifying it, but if we think about higher highs and higher lows,
if we see, oh, right within here,
is a discounted price, it's more than likely if we see buying power out of that price is going to
continue up, right? So there's a little hint going into tomorrow or whenever I film the next video.
Okay. But it helps us identify premium and discounted price. And because of this, it's
beneficial for us because when we're able to identify that premium price, if we see price,
like barely dip down into a premium and then continue higher, we can say, okay, that probably
wasn't the best time to enter.
Versus if we see.
Price dipped down into a discounted price and we see strong buying pressure out of it,
or buying confluences out of it, then we can say, okay, yeah, that would make sense.
This paired with another confluence, this paired with like a fair value gap and order block.
Okay. A breaker block that we'll get into later. This paired with that,
it would make sense that there's buying power or selling power out of this equilibrium or this
discounted price.
Because it was on discount and because we're able to buy it at a cheaper price.
Cool. Okay. So super easy day today, talking about equilibrium, finding premium versus discounted
price from a swing high to a swing low or a swing low to a swing high. All right. With that
being said, I'll see you guys tomorrow. As you guys know, we talked about equilibrium yesterday.
Talked about what it is, how it helps us. So today we're going to talk about literally the easiest
confluence ever.
Okay.
To be able to identify. So this should be relatively quick. And again,
I'm not teaching you guys how to enter yet. We're super close. Next up is breakers.
And then after that we can put everything together and I can spend like hours showing
you guys how to put stuff together. Okay. But for now we're talking about equilibrium
and how to identify it on the chart. So like I was saying yesterday, we identify it with a
swing, from a swing low to a swing high, or from a swing, swing, swing, swing, swing, swing, swing,
high down to a swing low. Okay.
Thank you.
Oh God. Okay. Wow.
I am sorry. Moving forward. We identify it from a swing low to a swing high within an uptrend
within a downtrend. We take it from
the swing high down to the swing low. And you're probably asking,
oh, you, um, the, the handsome boy in the front. No, no, not the one that I'm pointing at that one.
Um, what, what's it swing? I'm going to tell you, it's literally just the higher high and the
higher low within the uptrend. So if we think about beautiful, the best uptrend I've ever drawn
in my driven in my,
drove in my entire life, life's in an uptrend, we take it from the low up to the high.
Okay. So we want to be able to find the discounted price, right? Cause we know that
equilibrium is identifying premium price and discounted price.
And why is that beneficial to us? Because if we see price go into a discount and then within
an uptrend, if we see buying power come out of that discount, we can assume, okay, buy orders,
we're filled because it was at a discounted price and price is going to continue higher.
Okay. Wow. That was so hard. That was so smart. Okay. Now how do we identify this?
I use the GAN box. Okay. And it's literally identified by the 50% mark or the halfway point
from the swing low to the swing high. Okay. So we take it from the low and just drag it.
Boom. Up to the high. And as we can see, my perfectly driven drone, drone, drawn down uptrend
dipped perfectly into our discounted price, which is underneath here, right? Because anything up here
would be premium and anything down here is a discount. Everything up here is a premium.
Why? Because it's higher prices and we're in an uptrend.
We're looking to buy. So when, as price goes lower, it's cheaper for us to buy. Okay.
So everything underneath the halfway point from the swing low to the swing
high is going to be a discount. Okay. We see price come into the discount.
We see buying power come out, price continues higher. Okay.
Boom. Let's do it again. From the low to the high. We see price boom, come down again,
perfectly drawn uptrend we come right into the discount we see buying power come out price goes
higher last time our beautifully drawn uptrend okay we take it from the low up to the high price
again perfectly comes into our discounted price range we see buying power come out price continues
higher okay now let's talk about it in a downtrend let's see if i can drive this one as good as i drove
the other one it's already worse let's try again it's already really bad it's really bad it's
that's as good as it's gonna get wow okay that's better okay in a downtrend we take it from the
swing high it's literally just the inverse the swing high down to the swing low okay so boom
we have our game box
here you guys want to see my settings on this this is what i have my settings on take a screenshot
take a picture you got your pictures cool okay we take our game box from the swing high down
to the swing low perfectly driven downtrend we see price boom from high down to the low we see price
we see price get into the discounted price range which is now this above area and this is
is the premium right because we're trying to short it so we want to short at a higher price
and buy it back at a lower price okay so boom we see price get into that discounted price range we
see selling power come through and push it lower price continues in that direction okay let's keep
doing this and then we'll start going into how to identify it on actual real time okay moving
forward okay swing high down to swing low price pushes up into the discount discounted price range
we see selling power push out price continues lower okay one more time swing high down to the
swing low we see price push into the discounted price range we see selling power come out
price continues lower okay and again this is similar to fair value gaps similar to order
blocks it is a
continuation confluence so does price require this to happen to move when we're within a trend does
price have to go into that discount no but if it does it's a higher confluence for us to assume
that price is going to continue higher so if we look at this as like an uptrend we see boom this
is the high this is the low okay and then from here we want it here we see this is the low okay
swing low to swing high and then we see this high get made there's going to be times where you see
like a little pip squeak of a low get made and you're probably thinking hey it never came
underneath equilibrium and that's okay because sometimes the market moves and doesn't hit our
confluences and you just have to accept that okay but for the next swing low to swing high
we can see oh it did go into a discount and we did see buying power out of it so price is probably going
to continue higher okay and that's how we have to treat it okay so now let's do this super simply
super duper easy we'll find examples of this within every single time frame and every single trend
okay and we'll just go and show how this works so boom we're in a downtrend how do we know that
move down then move up we find the lowest point of those two candles right here we see breaker
structure to the downside cool we're in a downtrend we take it from the swing high move
up move down highest point of those those two candles it's the swing low move down the
move up we take it to the lowest point of those two candles okay let me just extend this oops
okay what do we see we see price push up into a discounted price point we see selling power
come out price moves lower okay same thing swing high down to swing low we see price
push on up in there right we see the move up then we see price continue lower
okay now we get a break of structure to the upside now we're in an uptrend
okay we take a swing low to the swing high we see price boom come into the discounted price range
buying power out price continues higher let's go into a smaller time frame and identify this
and again it's not going to happen every single time do this on like the week okay we get a break
of structure to the upside right here boom we're in an uptrend take it from the swing
low move down then move up boom to the swing high move up then move down boom we see price poke
into the discount buying power out price continues higher okay let's try and find
another example of this um right here we're in a downtrend we break structure to the downside
swing high down to swing low we see price boom push up into equilibrium selling power out of it
price continues lower for a bit okay and this is all it is it's just helping us when price is reached
tracing down, it just helps us say, Hey, if it's the same thing with order blocks, it's the same
thing with fair value gaps. It's the same thing with breaker blocks. It's the same thing with
equilibrium. What do these continuation confluences help us? They help us identify areas where if we
see buying power or selling power out of them, that if those, if, if those areas get hit and we
see buying power and selling power out of them, then we can safely assume that those were good
confluences, that more orders were filled and prices going to continue in the direction that
it wanted to go in versus something like this. If it's in like an uptrend, like I don't freaking
know something like that, right? Like, and let's say there's no fair value gaps, no order blocks.
And it's just like the tiniest little moves down, right? Like we probably don't want to be
entering on that. When do we want to be entering? When we know the market is filling more orders,
and we know that it's a high probability area where more orders can have the possibility to
be filled. And then we wait for confluences out of those high probability areas. What are our
high probability areas? Order blocks, breaker blocks, fair value gaps, and equilibrium.
And all that we're doing with those is identifying them on the chart when price retraces.
And if it goes into those price ranges and we see buying power or selling power out of it,
depending on the trend we can safely assume that price is going to likely continue in the direction
that it was going cool cool awesome that wraps up equilibrium part two we have breaker blocks
and then it's time to get serious and then we're going to start putting things together
all right boys i appreciate you guys we'll see you guys in the next one we will get this
up and active all right breaker blocks let's get started we're talking about breaker blocks
okay so similar with all the other concepts we're just going to type this out and
okay fine block him geez bro y'all get me way too into the okay
breaker block come on bro i literally almost just yelled i'm
demon
anyways i might as well say nah i'm just kidding i'm not gonna say
geez okay let's not say it never mind it's national woman's month anyways wait
we don't care about that anyways okay breaker blocks let's lock okay i'm just kidding
okay lock in breaker blocks
what is it so breaker blocks a lot of people describe breaker blocks as failed order blocks
but that's also because a lot of people teach order blocks differently
okay so essentially what a failed order block let's let's rewind this i don't even want you
guys to see this and be like oh we're looking for failed order blocks no it's not the case okay
all i want you guys to look at it as i wanted to explain that before we whoa i'm not looking
as orange anymore but
everybody describes it as a failed order block i only consider order blocks the initial
the initial move up that sweeps liquidity but a lot of people will
identify order blocks as every single move up so they consider this an order block
they consider this an order block okay and what happens with this
when we get okay rewind though when we get the
break structure the upside they pretty much say okay this this is now a failed order block so
when price revisits it it's called a breaker okay so hopefully that helps you guys understand
it a little bit more again when we go into identifying them i'll show you guys a lot better
but that's what i wanted to to show you guys it's essentially a a leg
or where orders a price range where orders could have potentially have been
filled within the initial trend direction but price broke structure okay
switch market shift shifted directions okay so it turned into a price range
where orders could have been filled in the initial direction of the overall
trend wasn't able to and when price revisits it orders are going to be able
to be filled there within that direction to the upside because it was failed so
we know that there's no longer any more sell side orders in this in this case
this bullish breaker block we know that there's no more sell orders within this
price range does that make sense because before again with that idea that
every single move up within a downtrend is an order block which I don't consider
okay but let's say that every single retracement they consider that an order
block and again I don't want you guys to get this confused but let's just call it
retracements within these retracements we see that more sell orders get filled
right but what happens
when price pushes all the way through that this price range no longer has any
sell orders to offer so if price revisits it it's super similar to a
fair value gap where there's a lack of sell orders within here so if we see
buying pressure out of it price will continue higher boom crazy okay so let's
show it another direction as well sorry I just had to do that okay within an
uptrend
usually uptrends are my best okay so again within an uptrend they consider all
those down moves order blocks but we'll just call them retracements because it
makes it a little bit simpler for us so within these retracements right we know
that more buy orders are able to get filled within these price ranges right
more buy orders were able to get filled price went higher more buy orders were
able to get filled price went higher so when price ends up
breaking structure when these price ranges end up not being able to offer
enough more buy orders to get filled and we see price revisit it and we know that
hey there's a lack of buy orders within here and we see selling power out of it
we can assume that price is going to continue lower and that's all that
breaker blocks are okay so it was oops no damn it I went back too far
so all that breaker blocks are a retracement followed by a break followed
by a break of structure obviously opposite of the current trend it's a
retracement followed by a break of structure wow horrible spelling opposite
of the current trend which then makes that
price range lack buy slash sell orders depending on previous trend okay so it's a
retracement followed by a break of structure opposite of the current trend
which then makes that price range that was the retracement price range
retracement
lack buy slash sell orders again depending on the previous trend so
that's what it is and well how is that beneficial to us if price revisits that
area we can assume that if there is selling slash buying pressure out of it
price will continue in that range
continue in that direction due to the lack of orders from the previous okay so why is it useful
to us if price revisits that area we can assume that if there was if there is buying and selling
pressure out of that price range price will continue into that direction due to the lack
of orders from the previous trend that was just broken right so the visual was honestly like the
best way for me to explain that right we're in a trend right and each each retracement kind of
serves as like a little price range oops sorry each retracement kind of serves as a price range
where more potential orders could be filled and if we break past that price range we can assume
that there's a lack
of in this case sell orders within here so again similar to fair value gaps if we see price reach
into here and then we see buying pressure out of that within a price range where there's a lack of
sell orders we can assume that price is going to continue higher oh breaker blocks explained
part one i will see you guys in part two we already explained breaker blocks talked about
how they're useful to us today we're going to get into identifying them okay
so it should be relatively easy we're just going to draw these out and then we are going to go
ahead and identify them on the chart and again why are they useful to us because there's a lack
of orders going in the opposite direction right so we have oops okay so if we have an uptrend like
this right we can consider these retracements areas where sell orders were getting filled
right we see boom more sell orders get it filled price moves down because of it then we see boom
a break of structure okay right within here is our breaker block right and we know if price revisits
this again this is another one of our continuation confluences we can see that there's going to be a
lack of sell orders within here we see buying power out of it price is likely going to continue
higher super similar to a fair value gap okay honestly i'm going to go ahead and go ahead and
see what's next and even if price is still going to continue rising like in this case it should be
good because with a fair value gap you're going to see it go one up just a little bit more
communicate with some of these locations where it's going to be a fairly nice selling picking
here, and then now let's go ahead and cut the lower impact and obviously paired with a fair
value gap is a pretty awesome confluence and then now let's go into boom in uptrend right every
single one of these legs down these retracements more buy orders getting filled okay this is our
breaker block prior to breaking structure right and we know that within here there is a lack of buy
orders getting those't really a good buy order okay so this is a relatively low investment whether
orders. So when price pushes in here and we see selling power out of it, we can assume the price
is going to go lower. Why? Because when price entered through it, it was able to go cleanly
past it and break structure. Cool. Now let's go into identifying them. The easiest way to identify
them is looking at them like this. It's literally the opposite of an order block.
Okay. So a bullish breaker is going to be the move down prior to the break of structure.
A bearish breaker is the move down prior to break of structure to the downside.
Boom, boom. And then a bullish breaker is going to be the move up prior to the break of structure
to the downside. Boom. Cool. Cool. Let's get into identifying these babies. These babies.
Let's move into some better price action. I really have not traded much at all over the past
really like two weeks. Put this into like a higher timeframe. See if we can see anything nice.
Okay. Perfect example right here. Okay. So we have boom. This is the break of structure right
here, right?
Boom. We want to find the move up prior to the break of structure to the upside. Okay. We have
two situations here. Typically for me, right? I'm looking for the leg down that causes like
the liquidity sweep. Either way, you can mark either of these as a breaker with this, right?
Which one's the move up prior to the break of structure to the upside? We see the break of
structure to the upside right here on the hourly. Okay. We have this boom, this up candle and this,
hole up candle breaker right here. If you wanted to, you could also consider this a breaker. Okay.
Because typically what we like to, what some people like to do is they like to identify the
legs up prior to the liquidity sweep. And we can see that this is the liquidity sweep,
but in reality, right? We see that this offered a better entry. Okay. Let's go and find
a more clear example of this. And there's one right here. Okay. We see a boom, big leg up break
of structure to the downside. What do we want to do? We want to find the move down boom prior to
the break of structure to the downside to find that bearish breaker block, right? We see that
big leg up. Okay. We see price break structure. Boom. We see it revisit. We see selling power out
of it. Boom. Price continues lower. Okay. Let's try and find more.
Examples of this. And again, is this one of those things where price is just
always 1 million trillion percent going to draw towards it just because it gets formed? No,
definitely not. But it's something that we can take note of. And if we see it draw into a breaker,
and if we see reactions out of it, what can we safely assume that price is going to continue
in that direction? Okay. All of these are just confluences that help us.
So understand where price wants to go. Okay. This is another good example. We have a break of
structure to the upside right here off this candle. Boom. Let's see if price, did price even
get into this one? Oh, unfortunately not. Okay. We got real close to this. And this is when,
right, we can highlight a couple of things. Boom, breaker, imbalances within here,
right? All of that. But that was a breaker block.
Let's see if we can do that.
Let's see if we can find some on the low timeframe. Okay. Here we go. We had, boom,
breaker structure to the upside right here. We have the move up prior to the breaker structure
to the upside. Okay. We see that, boom, slight little tap in. Okay. We get that rejection. Boom,
continuation to the upside right here. Price continues higher. What else do we have that
combined with? Boom.
Boom. We have a fair value gap within here. Okay. What can we also consider? This black candle move
down. Order block, right? So now you're starting to see how all of our confluences can start to
come together with this. Let's do some more examples here. Okay. This one, again, I'm just,
when I put things together, this is literally just identifying it. When we start putting
things together, it's going to make a lot more sense. We're just,
drawing these out and showing them where. Again, this isn't going to be one of those
things where you're just like, oh, I see a breaker. Boom, boom, boom. Enter. No, that's
not. And great. I just lost my position. Oh, literally switched. Bruh. It's not going to be
like, oh, breaker bet. Spam. You know, like, bye. No, bro. Like, focus. Okay. Like, there's
going to be several confluences that we wait for. Not just like, fair value gap bet. Or
just like, order block. No, bro. Okay. So, boom. We get a breaker structure to the downside.
Okay. We see the move down prior to the break. Boom. We see price push on into it. Okay.
We see rejection to the downside. Price continues lower. Okay. Right here.
We get a breaker structure to the upside. Boom. We have the move up prior to the breaker structure
to the upside. Okay. Boom. We see price revisit the breaker. Price continues higher. And like,
this is a perfect example of, okay, we closed past a fair value gap, but we also have a
confluence here, right? This is getting a little bit into, like, putting shit together. And I'm
probably going to end this video soon because I'm pretty sure you guys get the gist of it.
Some of our confluences get invalidated, but we have other confluences, right? That doesn't
necessarily mean like, oh, the fair value gap's gone. Like, fuck it. We're out of here. No.
Right? We got to sit here and realize like, okay, we got a breaker structure to the upside. Okay.
Fair value gap. It got invalidated. But boom. We still have this breaker block that it could
be drawing towards. Boom. We see buying power out of it. Okay. Price continues higher. Right here.
We see a breaker structure to the downside. Okay. Where's the move down?
Prior to the breaker structure to the downside. Right here. Okay. See? We see price push on up in
here into the breaker. Okay. We see selling power out of it. Price continues lower. Okay. And again,
this is like, it's easy for me to just go on here and just be like, bing, bong, boom,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Watch. Perfect. It works. It's not going to work every single
fucking time. I'm cherry picking these, but I'm cherry picking these so that you guys can see
exactly what the fuck a breaker is before we get into actually putting this shit together.
And trust me, when we put this shit together, it's going to be really fucking easy for you guys.
Okay. But with that being said, I'm pretty sure you guys know how to identify these bitches now.
We're locked. We're loaded. We're here to talk about SMT divergence. So without further ado,
today we had SMT divergence. Today during pre-market, we had a perfect example of SMT
divergence. I'm going to try and explain this.
Simply so that you guys can understand all the SMT divergence is, is one index forecasting what
another index is going to do. So today, for example, I was bullish because on the four hour
timeframe, we were bullish on the hourly. We weren't bullish, but on the four hour, we were,
and on NASDAQ, we came down and we swept out these hourly lows. Let's get rid of like everything
except for the SMT divergence. Cause that's all the, the,
that's what this shit is about. So we know our bias is bullish, right?
NASDAQ makes this low, and then it makes a higher low up here during the same point in time. Okay.
So we have this low and then this low during the same point in time. See, this was the mark out
from the stream. ES makes this low when NASDAQ makes this low and then ES makes a lower low
when NASDAQ makes that significantly higher low. This was a really drastic example of it. Typically,
it's going to be a lot less, less of something like that, where like the higher low will be
right here, but it, but for a bullish SMT, one index creates a higher low while the other index
creates a lower low.
And pretty much all that it's doing is.
In this case, NQ is forecasting and saying, Hey,
we made a higher low on NQ, but on ES, we made a lower low at the same time that, and come on
at the same time that NQ made a higher low. It's this is like a fortune teller.
It's telling us that ES is likely going to go higher. So when I see that
ES is probably going to draw into these 15 minute highs and then these 15 minute highs, why
aptly.
Because of the SMT divergence. Okay. So the best way that I can explain SMTs is one, find your bias
because if you don't have a bias, then you'll be finding.
SMT divergences that are, that are conflicting. Right. So you have to have your overall,
overall bias. And we knew that our, our, our, our,
okay. That Holy shit. Okay. That our overall bias was bullish. Coming into
new york session even on es okay now we're bearish but anyways besides that we were bullish coming
into market open same thing here on nasdaq okay so when we scale down on the lower time frame
and we see nasdaq create this low and then a higher low but es create this low and then a
lower low we can assume that es is going to continue higher okay and we can use that to
our advantage i know a lot of people that this is huge bro like a lot of people will
say like oh yeah i don't even take i think uh darius says he doesn't even take trades
if um the smt if if his setup doesn't have an smt in it or if like the lev the high time frame level
that price is pushing into if it does if they don't see a if he doesn't see an smt he's like
i'm not taking it okay so let's find
another example of this why do most trade why are most traders like gay as pause
hit me just playing but seriously okay yeah no there wasn't an smt here
let's see if there was any anything off of those highs
there you go okay bet good example here okay this isn't necessarily for market open but anyways
let's just say for example let's say we're bearish okay in enqueue we make this high
and then we make this high es also coming into
a high time frame liquidity sweep okay we come into a high time frame level
enqueue makes come on mate enqueue makes a high than a lower high yes
comes through makes a high and then a higher high
and then a higher high yes comes through
so if our bias is bearish right and we only use this is another thing to add when we're looking
for bullish smt we're only using the lows and when we're looking for bearish smt we're only
only looking for highs so we come into this high time frame level high time frame liquidity sweep
and es makes a high than a higher high but nq at the same time makes a high
than a lower high so we can go in on es and be like i bet i finna place a bet okay
and we can say okay nasdaq is telling us the future because it made a lower high obviously
make sure it's in line with our bias and then from there we can scale down
and try and find entries okay so we and all another thing another huge thing i do not like
to use smt.com
divergence on the one minute typically my smt divergence is going to be on the five minute or
the 15 minute and it also works really well for high time frame oh this is another perfect example
okay but anyways this was during pre-market so not much of like entry work to be found within
here but you can still see that it holds true because price ends up coming down taking out
liquidity um and on uh nasdaq nasdaq smoking on a gas pack okay it did the same thing
uh boom came down sweat liquidity this is another good example of how we can use it to find buy
is okay because on es right we have this high and then a lower high and then on nq we have this high
and then a higher high okay and on from there we can see that price wanted to come down sweep
out this liquidity pretty short-lived okay leg down but we can see that when we have this
price is pretty much telling us the future of where the other
index wants to go oh i could click bait the out of this put some crazy thumbnail
s and like how to tell the future on the time frames
let's find more examples of this bingo was his name out okay look here on es
okay my guess is this okay first of all we see a high time frame liquidity sweep this had to have
been like cpi or something ppi or something like that so let's go ahead and look at the time frame liquidity sweep
okay my guess is this okay first of all we see a high time frame liquidity sweep this had to have been like cpi or something ppi
but regardless we can still apply this okay boom we come through we sweep out lows bias
bullish after we probably get like an hourly close above here okay we have this low right here
we form a lower low down here but on nq we have this low right here and then we have a higher
low right here so what can that tell us the future about on es because nq made a higher low
SMT divergence, as well as us seeing ES not breaking structure on this low, sweeping these
lows out, we can scale down to lower timeframes and find entries within here, right? Because we
made a lower low on ES, but a higher low on NQ. We can scale down into ES. We see these lows get
swept. We can probably find some sort of entry within here, okay? So the main thing that I want
you guys to remember from today for SMT divergence, because it's hard for me to go back in
time and tell myself, don't change a thing, but I'll write this one out. SMT, okay, what to look
for, okay? When we're bullish and we're coming into, when we have a bullish bias and we come
into a bullish level,
we're looking for higher low formed on either of the indexes and lower low formed on the other,
okay? And then typically we're looking to execute on the other one because if we see a higher low
formed on one index, like let's say we see a higher low formed on GasPak and we see a lower
low formed on S&P, it means the S&P is lagging behind NASDAQ. So the S&P is likely going to
follow suit and continue higher. So that means there's going to be more opportunity.
on ES, okay? And then continuing when we are bearish, lower high formed on one index and
a higher high, and a higher high on the other, okay? Because again, when we're bullish and we see
this on one index and this on the other, we can assume that this one is going to follow suit
of this one for bullish. And then for bearish, if we see this on one and this on the other,
we can assume that this is going to follow suit of that index, okay? So pretty straightforward.
This is just another confluence to add to your list of tools, okay? That being said,
I appreciate you guys. I'll catch you guys in the next one. If you guys haven't already,
please like, please subscribe. Y'all are my people. I'll catch you guys.
So I know that was a lot of information for you guys to digest. And that's a whole bunch
of confluences. And you guys are like, what the fuck am I even supposed to do with this?
Hopefully you guys are starting to like piece the pieces together. And you guys are like,
okay, cool. I know that draws on liquidity are where price is going to reverse off of. I know
fair value gaps are where price is looking to balance out price action and then react off of
it. I know that break of structure is showing a change in trend. You guys have all of these
concepts and you guys have all of these patterns and price action formations that help you guys,
dictate where price is going to go. Now we are going to put these confluences together
in order to predict where price action wants to go. Because again, like I was saying in
those other videos, these are nothing just by themselves. We need to put all of these
together in congruence so that we are able to make a highly probable decision when looking
to make a trade within the markets. Because again, these confluences standing alone are
little to nothing, but when we put them together, it helps us make a highly probable decision.
Within the market. So again, this is going to be me putting all of these confluences together for
you guys so that you guys can say, Hey, boom, we're looking for liquidity suite. Then from there,
break the structure. Then from there for value gap getting filled. And then from there,
we're going to scale down on this timeframe and then we're going to enter. Okay. All of that is
going to be put together in place so that you guys can form and build a strategy to finally
be able to start making predictions on where price wants to go. Again, this is going to take some
time and it's going to take a lot of brain effort. So if you guys need to whatever, split this up or
just write it down on each step, that's okay. And with that being said, let's jump straight into
how we can actually get into strategy creation. And again, if you guys are struggling with this
on confluences or with the strategy creation, and you guys are like, man, I wish I could just talk
to Tyler one-on-one again, you guys can go ahead, click the link in the description and join the
blueprint where you guys are going to be able to submit trades to people like me, people like my
coaches. And you guys are going to say, Hey, did I use this confluence correctly? Is this trade of
trade to take? Because again, I can only do so much on these YouTube videos where I just cast
this massive umbrella, this massive net, where I just say, Hey, you guys are going to want to do
this, this, this, then this, but I'm not able to actually correct you guys in real time when you
guys are attempting to do these things. And that's where a lot of my struggle was when I was an
unprofitable trader, where I would learn these concepts and then I would go to apply them.
But because I was a beginner and because I was an unprofitable trader, I didn't necessarily know if
I was making the right decisions or if I was using
confluences correctly. And I had to do it based off of my own knowledge that I had. And just based
off these YouTube videos, the benefit of having a mentor and the benefit of having a coach right by
your side is you guys can use these confluences and then you guys can show it to your coach,
someone like me, other profitable coaches, and then say, was I doing this correct?
And we could be like, Whoa, dude, you're completely screwing up the strategy. And just
that alone, just that little tip, that piece of advice could save you guys from six months worth
and you don't even know that you're making that mistake over and over again, because you guys think
that you're marking out the confluence. Correct. You guys think that you're placing the trades
correctly, but in turn you're not. And it's super beneficial to have a coach like me or somebody
else that is profitable within the markets to be able to see that and be like, Hey, I've made this
mistake before. And it costs me literally three months of losing over and over and over again.
Let me save you those three months of time. And let me put you guys in the right position and
let's adjust this, this, this, this, this, and then boom, your strategy is going to be perfect.
You now know how to,
identify these confluences correctly instead of you guys just wasting all that time. So if that
sounds like something that you guys would want to be a part of, click the link down in the
description for you guys to join the blueprint. And that being said, let's jump into strategy
creation. We're going to be talking about systemizing your strategy. You guys have to
systemize your strategy. What do I mean by that? I'm going to lay out different tools for you guys
to be able to take trades off of, okay. Different confluences. And eventually I'm going to give
you guys my systemized strategy. Okay. It's not, it's not going to work
for all of you guys. Some of you guys think about trading differently. Again, like I said,
if my shit doesn't work for you, choose something else. But when you choose something else,
systemize it. And this is probably why the majority of you guys are not able to
be profitable with like SMC or ICT concepts.
It's not that they don't work. It's that you guys don't have a system. You guys don't have
by step plan on how you're supposed to enter a trade if you guys just think of i don't know like
any skill like usually there's like a step by step of how to do something or how to execute
something or at least like people who are successful there is variables that are dependent
and independent okay that's like part of like experiment so when you guys are experimenting
with your strategy you want to know what doesn't work and what does work so how the are
you supposed to know what doesn't work and what does work if you guys change your entry strategy
every day so when you guys are trying to put these tools together a lot of you guys are going
to this up really badly and i know i did this like horribly and it caused me to be really unsuccessful
for months until i figured out okay i have to have a systemized plan when you guys are getting
into a trade
you should have a step-by-step of how you are supposed to enter because when you do that
step-by-step you're able to immediately say okay and you're able to look back on your losing trades
and you're able to say okay 90 of the time when i enter off of order blocks i lose i should stop
entering off of order blocks remove that and you're able to directly identify this confluence
is not working
for me versus if you guys are just in a same thing like the time frames the the confluences of you
guys entering the pair that you guys are trading all of these things matter and that's why you guys
should simplify down where first thing like you guys should only be trading one pair
second thing you guys should only be trading during one session okay because that just boom
immediately one variable plug-in for both of those things super easy strategy we can't just have
like green candle press bob right there's a couple more steps so that's why we want to simplify
everything else before we get into our execution and again we want to simplify our execution too
or we want to systemize our execution so within our execution this is what you guys shouldn't
be doing you shouldn't be looking at the weekly then looking at the daily then looking at the 4h
then looking at the hourly
then looking at the 15 minutes then looking at the 5 climbing then looking at the 1 minute
and marking out every single confluence on every single one of those time frames you're doing
yourself a disservice and then along with that what you also shouldn't be doing is on monday
let's say your bias is bullish and you found that by looking at the daily time frame and the 4hr
time frame and then you entered on the one minute and you won and then on tuesday your bias is
bearish and you found that by entering on the two minutes and that point at the end of the day and you are asking you weren't successful during finished one minute and it was playing out worth what
by looking at the one hour and the four hour and you entered on the 15 minute and you lost and then
on wednesday you looked at the weekly and the one hour and you took your trade off the one minute
you see how that causes issues where your strategy is you guys are using technically
a different strategy every day because it's not systemized it's not look at this time frame
this time frame gives me an input rotate to the next time frame
because of that higher time frame input we get to go to the lower time frame input
and then we make a decision on that from there we go to another time frame we make a decision on
that based off those two inputs you guys should have a system of entry not just i see this i see
this i go to this i see this i mark this i mark that and i enter it's not how that should work
you guys should see
one time frame get a bias off of that and because of that bias you're able to go to another time
frame maybe both of those time frames are to help you find your bias right maybe you go on the daily
and again you guys will see my system my strategy that's why i'm talking in like vague terms right
now because i don't want you guys to jump ahead because you guys aren't even there yet but i need
to make this video for a lot of people because a lot of you guys are just shooting yourselves in
in the foot okay so like maybe your systemized strategy is i go on the daily time frame
and i see what the what what my bias is based on the overall trend
and then i have that boom that's input one the bias on the daily is bullish
we rotate to the four hour we see on the four hour the bias is still bullish okay so because of that
we have two bullish biases two inputs and then because of those two inputs we're able to rotate
to like the 15 minute time frame and then we're looking for a sweep of high time frame liquidity
and then from there we're looking for a break of structure and then from there we're looking for
one of my entry confluences okay whether that be like order block fair value gap equilibrium
breaker block and then we're looking for reactions out of that see how that's systemized we have we
go from daily four hour 15 and that's not my strategy i just pulled that out of my ass
don't don't use that
we want from daily four hour overall bias rotate into 15 minute confluence confluence entry it's a
step-by-step program and then from there when you see okay when i enter off of an order block within
that program i'm more likely to you lose because you're journaling all of your trades as you should
i'm more likely to lose my probability when i'm trading off of order blocks is a lot lower than
that
boom you no longer are able to trade off of order blocks your probability of
winning goes higher now we're trading daily four hour liquidity sweep break of structure
only enter off of fair value gap equilibrium breaker block okay we see that our probability
is a lot lower off of equilibrium we take that out probability of winning goes higher
until you have literally a step by step program
where you're able to enter into a trade that one won't give you a trade every single day
but two you know your probability is going to be so high because you were able to take out all of
those variables and you know what your probability is going into every single day and every single
trade because of that step-by-step process that you guys laid out where it's so easy where you
literally can just sit on your hands
and not do shit
and not do shit
and not do shit
and not do shit
ever until those steps have been completed
and then once those steps get completed it's brainless work you press buy or you press sell
you set your stop loss you set yours take profits and we're on our way that is how strategy should
work it shouldn't be you like literally every single day you guys are trading a different
strategy i hope you understand that you guys are trading off of a different conference
every
day you guys are finding your daily bias based off different time frames every day
you guys are entering you guys are in you guys probably you guys have like 30 different
strategies that you guys are trying to trade with every single day that you guys don't even know are
30 different strategies and you're labeling it as one strategy it's not one strategy right now what
you guys are doing is you guys have a bunch of tools a bunch of confluences and you're just
bundling them all up together on the same screen I don't even know who laid those think так었어
and like throwing them at the chart and trying trying to get a winning trade out of it that's
not how this shit works systemize your strategy and then you guys will be able to identify what's
causing you to lose versus right now your strategy is like i'm going to look at seven different time
frames and enter off of three different new confluences per day and you have no fucking clue
why you're winning or why you're losing and then when you go to do your journaling you're literally
guessing why you're why you're losing you're saying oh like it didn't work out for this
no bro like you got with the systemized strategy you guys will be able to see
80 percent of time when i enter off of like fair value gaps i suck dick at them so i'm
no longer going to do that boom that just takes away a fat chunk of your
losing strategy
trades that boost your profitability immediately by systemizing your strategy
until you guys can break it down and simplify it so much where you guys literally just remove
everything that has low probability within your system so that your system is purely high
probability so i wanted to make this video to hopefully help you guys one start systemizing
your strategy if you guys haven't already and to prepare you guys to make sure that once i do lay
out all these tools for you guys you guys don't just go ape and start throwing hammers
and nails and wrenches at some without having any clue what you're doing and you know like
then you guys will have and i will say i up in the past like with the boot camp like i
up where i didn't give you guys a systemized strategy i kind of just like assumed and that's
probably the worst thing to do
especially with people who are beginners you should never assume this time around we're not
doing that that's why we're changing the way of the the tool and confluence delivery we will be
able to take systemized entries and exits and it's going to be awesome and hopefully it takes you one
step closer to being a higher probability and a more profitable trader all for free let's get it
going
figured we might as well start off with some some fucking patrioticness before we give you guys
the first piece of the strategy okay so this is going to be one of many
videos who knows how many parts this is going to take we're going to break this down as simple as
possible for you guys again who knows how many parts this is going to take we're going to take as
is we need to in order for us to drill this shit
into your guys' mini-ass fucking brains, okay?
So, you guys remember our confluences, yes?
You guys remember everything that I've ever taught you ever
in the entire world, right?
Wrong.
So, go back and re-watch, re-read.
Start off, welcome to the fucking strategy video.
That's a fucking strategy video, bitch.
Okay?
All right, focus.
There's going to be several parts of this.
To preface, this first one that I'm going to give you guys,
this is like beginner, and then as the rest of this goes on,
the more fucking advanced it's going to get,
because there's going to be more and more things
that we can add to this to make it better.
Okay, so you're probably going to watch this and be like,
yeah, TGR, you're such a piece of shit.
You taught me the fucking basic bitch strategy.
Well, guess what, little fucking Timmy?
You don't know shit about training yet,
so shut up and eat your pacifier, your fucking binky.
Okay?
So, basic bitch strategy, step by step, here we go.
Okay?
Step one, we treat our four-hour and our hourly
as our daily bias.
And keep in mind, there's a million other ways to trade.
This is just my strategy.
You guys want to trade like me?
This works for you?
Cool.
Remember, think back to our psychology videos.
Think back to literally videos like one through five,
or whatever it was before we started Confluences.
Watch those shits, and remember what I was telling you guys
about how this shit's going to take time,
and if my strategy doesn't make sense to you,
get the fuck out of here, okay?
And that's, boom, like I taught you something.
Get the fuck out.
Okay, if this shit doesn't make sense.
So.
The way that I like to trade is I like to catch
one to three-hour moves, okay?
So, ideally, I'm in the market for one to three hours.
Sometimes it's a little bit less,
but ideally I'm catching like a three-hour movement, okay?
So, with that in mind, are we really trying to figure out
a weekly move?
Not necessarily.
So, I like to stay away from the daily time frame,
because when we look at the daily time frame,
that's really giving us a prediction of,
oh, okay, where are the next couple days going to go?
I don't really know.
I don't really give a fuck about that.
We want to scale down one step lower
and start looking at, okay,
where are the next four hours going to go?
Where are the next hours going to go?
Okay, and we're going to treat that as our daily bias,
or as our bias going into our trading day, okay?
So, treat the four-hour and the one-hour as our bias, okay?
So, what does that mean?
Look, oh, chill out on, look, nah, lowercase, look.
Okay?
Look at four-hour trend, okay?
We're looking at the four-hour and the one-hour trend.
What is something that we know that's just basic-ass shit?
Higher time frames hold higher power, right?
Because if the four-hour says,
hey, look, we're going to go fucking up,
and the hourly says, wait, no, we're going to go down,
longer term, if the four-hour time frame is saying,
we're going fucking up,
the hourly is probably hitting a fucking retrace on our ass.
Okay, so with that in mind, we want to look at the four-hour, and the one-hour trend.
Okay, so with that in mind, we want to look at the four-hour, and the one-hour trend.
Okay, so with that in mind, we want to look at the four-hour,
and that's going to be our overall bias.
We see the four-hour trend, right?
Is it a fucking uptrend, or is it a fucking downtrend?
Simple as shit.
We're not trying to predict reversals.
We look at the four-hour trend, and we know,
okay, this is where the next four hours
are likely going to go.
Too bad, so sad if we take a loss
because the four-hour breaks structure.
Ideally, we're not trying to catch reversals
on the four-hour.
Okay, we're trying to stay within the trend.
So, our bias is based on four-hour trend.
If, boom, simple as shit.
Our bias, our overall daily outlook on the day
is based on the four-hour trend.
If the four-hour is in an uptrend, what does that mean?
Higher highs, higher lows, breaking structure to the upside.
Cool, we're bullish.
If it's in a downtrend, we are bearish.
Lower lows, lower highs.
Step four.
Look at the one-hour trend, okay?
What does the one-hour trend let us do?
It helps us decide what lower timeframe
we are going to scale into to end up looking for a trade.
Okay, so we're gonna look at the hourly trend.
If the one-hour trend is in line with the four-hour trend,
we're looking at the one-hour trend,
and if we see, boom, the four-hour is bullish
and the hourly is bullish, bet.
We can scale down into the five-minute
and look for execution points within there.
Okay?
Okay?
We cool?
If, if the one-hour is in an opposite,
okay, I'm gonna change this to opposite.
If the one-hour trend, if the one-hour trend
is in an opposite trend than the four-hour trend,
then we have to execute on a higher timeframe,
aka the 15-minute.
Okay, so if the four-hour is bullish
and the hourly is bearish, what do we get to do?
We get to scale down onto the 15-minute timeframe
and then look for execution points.
Cool?
Cool, we just laid out how we find our daily bias
and then how we're going to scale down.
Simple, simple, simple.
And again, this is the simple baby-ass shit.
You're probably going to be like,
TJR, I only found fucking one trade this week.
It probably hit take profit.
If you're going to follow this step-by-step, rule-by-rule.
If you don't follow this step-by-step, rule-by-rule,
you'll find 20 trades and be on the fucking spectrum.
I love freedom of speech.
Okay?
Step six, okay, remember, four-hour.
If it's bullish, cool, we know that we're looking for buys.
We're bullish for the day.
And then if the one-hour is bullish, cool,
we're still bullish, we get to scale down
into the five-minute timeframe
and look for execution points.
Reverse, if the four-hour is bullish
and the hourly is bearish, what does that make us?
Still bullish, higher timeframe holds higher power.
Where can we execute down to?
The 15-minute timeframe, okay?
We need higher timeframe, execution points,
higher timeframe confirmation.
Cool?
Cool.
From there, what are our execution points?
What are our execution points?
Well, what do we always most often look for
when trying to take a trade?
First things first, where's the top of a trend
going to reverse from?
Liquidity sweep.
And what is something that we know
about pretty much the majority of the time
every single market open?
There's going to be liquidity sweep.
Okay, so our execution points are going to be as so.
We're going to, how should we do this?
We're gonna go A, that was a one, A.
Liquidity.
Liquidity sweep plus break of structure.
What are we looking for?
A liquidity sweep on a higher timeframe.
Not on the 15-minute, not on the five-minute.
Okay, we want to see it on the higher timeframe.
So what does that mean for us?
What are our higher timeframes?
What are we only looking at?
One hour and four hour, boom.
So liquidity sweep, one hour or four hour draws of liquidity.
Okay, and break of structure on five minute or.
Okay, so step one, we understand our bias.
Okay, whatever the four hour is telling us,
that's what our bias is.
From there, if we have a bullish bias,
what are we looking for?
We're looking for draws of liquidity underneath lows
on the high timeframes, on the four hour and the one hour.
Okay, so if we're bullish,
we're looking for draws of liquidity underneath lows.
We're bullish, we're looking for one hour lows
and four hour lows.
We're marking those out.
The next step within that.
If we get into those draws of liquidity,
once we see those levels hit,
if we don't see those levels hit, nothing happens.
The way I teach my Mastermind students,
I say find the four hour trend.
If we're bullish, cool.
We highlight the high timeframe lows,
we get our hands and we shove them
into our after typed.
into our ass and we don't do anything until those prices are hit. Once they're hit, we can scale in
into either the five minute or the 15 minute based on both the four hour and the one hour trends,
right? So if the four hour is bullish and the hourly is bullish, then we get a sweep of lows
on either the one hour or the four hour. Cool. We scale that into the five minute timeframe.
And the next thing we're looking for is a break of structure. If the four hour is bullish and the
hourly is bearish, what are we looking for? We're still looking for lows and we can still use both
the hourly lows and four hour lows. Draws of liquidity doesn't change based on the trend.
Okay. So if we're bullish on the four hour, but we're bearish on the hourly, we're still looking
for lows. We highlight every single low that's based on the hourly and the four hour chart.
We put our hands on our ass until those prices get hit.
Cool. We wait.
We see those prices get hit. When, where can we scale down into? The 15 minute timeframe.
What are we looking for following that? A 15 minute break of structure.
Cool. Cool. Moving forward. Step B. Again, once both of these have, once both of these have
happened, we're looking for our third confluence. Okay. What are our, what is, what are the other
confluences that we see? We're looking for the three confluences that we see.
We have order block, fair value gap, breaker block, equilibrium. Those four. Okay. Damn. Come on.
Now let's break this down again. Four hours bullish, hourlies bullish. Boom. Hands in our ass. We know
that we're waiting for lows to be swept. We see a one hour low get swept. Perfect. Muddy hands out.
Boom. We can scale down to the five minute because the four hour and the hourly are in line.
From there, we wait for a five minute break of,
structure. Boom. What do we move down to? Then the last and final step. We're waiting for our
third confluence. We're waiting for either an order block to get hit, a fair value gap to get
hit, a breaker block to get hit, or equilibrium to get hit. Okay. We don't do anything until
these bitches get hit. We don't even do anything once they're hit. We need one more step. Pause
this right here. Okay. Moving forward. If the four hour is bullish, but the hourly is bearish,
we are waiting.
For a high timeframe liquidity sweep still to the downside because the four hour is bullish. We're
waiting for either hourly lows to get swept or four hours lows to get swept. Our hands are in
our ass until that happens. We see those lows get swept. Muddy hands come out. 15 minute timeframe
scale down. We're waiting for a 15 minute break of structure. From there, we're looking for our
third confluence. We're either looking for an order block on the 15 minute, fair value gap on
the 15 minute, breaker block on the 15 minute, or equilibrium on the 15 minute. Cool? Cool.
Last and final step. We need to see buying pressure or selling pressure in order to execute out of
these confluences. Right? Because if we just enter right when they get hit, how the fuck do we know
if they actually held? Right. If we think back to breaker blocks, remember how are these breaker
blocks even formed? It's off a confluence is confluence getting invalidated because it just
gets blown through. We don't want to end up being fucking busted through like a fucking breaker
we want to wait for our confluence to get hit and then buying pressure out or selling pressure out
in order to execute. Okay. So what does that look like? Literally just a green candle up and out of
the order block, a green candle up and out of the fair value gap, a green candle up and out of the
breaker block, a green candle closing above equilibrium. Okay. Or a red candle closing
underneath an order block, red candle closing underneath the fair value gap, red candle closing
underneath the breaker block or red candle closing underneath equilibrium. Okay. So we need
to see buying or selling pressure out of these confluences. And tomorrow when we go into actually
pointing this shit out on the chart, I know this is a lot to write down. I, the goal today, we're
already 22 minutes, 22 minutes into this bitch. I just want you guys to write this down so we can
get our strategy down. And again, this is the simple shit. There's another piece that we're
going to add onto this after, but right now this is all we're going to get. Okay.
Last and final ABCDE. Okay. Once you see pressure executed, we are going to get into take profits.
We're going to get into stop losses. Once we start adding more and more stuff. Okay. All I
want for you guys today is to understand this. Okay. This is how we find our overall daily bias,
right? We're looking for the four hour trend in the one hour trend. That's how we figure out what
time frames we're going to scale down into. Okay. From there, we figure out what time frames we're
at our execution points. Okay. We understand that we're looking for a liquidity suite. Okay. And
again, again, this is the simplest shit. We're going to add more to this and we're going to add
different things that we can change within this as things happen, whether it happens during pre
market or post-market. Okay. But again, that forget about that shit right now. This is all
I want you guys to know, because this is the simplest fucking strategy. We did this with my
mastermind, my first mastermind, and all of them literally,
like just by being disciplined, using risk management and executing purely based off
these steps alone. Don't do anything else besides these steps and you will be successful. I promise
you no matter fucking what, I guarantee you, you will be successful within the markets.
How many trades will you take? I don't fucking know. It's not going to be a lot, but you will,
you will win more trades than you lose. If you follow this shit, word for word, bar for bar,
a lot of you guys are going to get into the market and then try this shit.
And you're going to take 10 trades in a single day.
And you're doing it wrong. I, I haven't taken, I haven't seen a single trade using this strategy
the past two weeks. Okay. So if that gives you any sort of idea of like how simple and how basic
this is, but also it's really fucking effective. This is like the most beginner, the most simple
ass shit. And again, we're going to add a lot more onto this afterwards. Okay. But right now
this is the basic shit that I need you guys.
To understand, write this shit down. This is your first, this is like the fucking base of your
strategy. You guys can't understand this. I don't know what you're going to do. This is,
this is like just, I learned this today. This is like a regular clock.
And then we're going to add an 18 fucking barrel attachment and then a switch and then a fucking
flashlight and then a red dot and then a fucking beam on that bitch. And then we're going to be
like lethal killers. But right now we just have the fucking base of the shit. And that's what this
is. Cool. And because you guys learned this, I don't want to see any of you guys taking fucking
trades on Monday because you guys still don't know shit. We haven't even talked about how we
can identify all of these things together. We just had to break this down just to explain this
shit for you guys. Tomorrow we are going to talk about where that even lies and how to understand
where the fuck it is on the chart. Okay, cool.
Got it. Awesome. All right, guys, welcome to strategy creation part number two. So as you
guys remember, this is how we start looking into our trades. Okay, this is kind of our step by
step plan, our base foundation of how we're going to start looking into trades. So now that we
understand this, we're going to go into identifying these on the chart. And as you guys know,
I pretty much told you guys, hey,
the past two weeks, by using this, there wasn't even a trade to take. So with that being said,
we kind of have to go back two weeks in order to start identifying this. And again, it's not an
issue because as we start adding on to this, you're going to start seeing that, hey, there's
a potential trade to take almost every single day, not with just... Wow, booger came out because I
got so aggressive with you guys. Not with just this, but with the other things that we're able
to add on to this. Okay.
That's how we're going to start finding more and more trades. But for now, with just this basic
ass, simple ass strategy, literally square one, noob territory, this is all that we can do for
now. Okay. Because again, you guys don't know anything about trading. You guys don't even know
how to enter a trade. You guys don't know where to put your stop loss. You guys don't know where
to put your take profit. We're going to get there in part three, probably. But right now, let's just
talk about identifying these. Okay. Let's go back like two freaking weeks.
Let's go back in here. Okay. This seems like a decent spot. First of all, we're only trading New
York session. Okay. So we're actually just going to go in here and start just highlighting every
New York session from here on out. Boom. I know there's like an indicator that you can put on
that shows New York open, but me personally, it's kind of like weird to do that.
If you ask me, I'll move that one later. I need to keep in mind that some of these were high impact
news days. Regardless, we're just going to walk through as many of these as possible. Oh, okay.
Cool. Which one was the one that was set at nine? This one. Okay. We're going to start right here.
Let's go into the four hour. Start off. Remember, what are we looking for prior to market open?
Okay. We're looking at the overall buyout.
So market. Okay. So right here, we got a breaking structure to the downside on the four hour price
continues lower. Okay. Boom. Right. We don't know that this four hour candle is going to close
bullish until like 30 minutes into market open. So we just need to keep that in mind. Okay. So
for the time being price is bearish. Okay. On the four hour. So what are we looking for? We're
looking for sales scale down into the hourly. Okay. On the hourly timeframe, again,
we do not understand that price is going to be bearish until we see boom, this hourly candle close,
which is 30 minutes into market open. Okay. So for the time being we're still bearish. Okay. So
we're bearish on both the four hour and the hourly. Okay. Because we never see a break
of structure to the upside on the hourly. We see this break of structure to the downside. Okay.
This is the high. This is the high. This is the high. We don't see a break of structure to the
downside. Okay. This is the high. This is the high. This is the high. This is the high. We don't see a
break of structure until market open. Okay. So with that being said, we can scale down into the
five minute timeframe, not the 15 minute, the five minute, because we know, hey, the hour, or sorry,
let's stay on the hourly for a bit. The hourly timeframe and the four hour are bearish. Okay.
From there, what are we doing during pre-market? We're marking out highs, right? We want to
identify our high timeframe draws of liquidity. Okay. So boom, we're marking out one hour highs
and four hour highs. Okay. Boom. Okay. Price is probably not going to go all the way up into
that four hour high, all the way up there. All right. Okay. We scale into the five minute
timeframe. Okay. Boom. Market opens. What do we see? We see price draw into these hourly highs.
Okay. We have this hourly high all the way up here that doesn't get hit. We see price draw into
these hourly highs. What are we seeing? We see price draw into these hourly highs. What are
we looking for? Boom. We can pull our muddy hands out of our ass after these high timeframe draws of
liquidity get hit. And we can start looking for a break of structure on the five minute timeframe.
Okay. From there, boom, we see break of structure to the downside. Now, what are we looking for?
We're looking for one of our confluences. Okay. Where do we see a confluence? Well, there's an
imbalance right here, right? From this wick down to this wick, we see it get filled and then boom,
it's out of that. What else can we identify? Well, there's an order block and it starts all
the way down here. There's a breaker, but it starts right here. So really not much else.
We can go ahead and mark out equilibrium if we would like, but we really just need one of our,
we really just need one of our other confluences, our continuation confluences to be able to enter
because we have what? High timeframe liquidity sweep. We have our four hour and our hourly in
line. We've got our four hour and our hourly in line. We've got our four hour and our hourly in line.
We've got our four hour and our hourly in line. We've got our four hour and our hourly in line. We've got
our four hour and our hourly in line. We've got our four hour and our hourly in line. We've got our
breakup structure we're just waiting for that last confluence with rejection to the downside
okay so with that being said we see boom price comes up we see a breakup structure to the
downside with this candle right here we see this imbalance get formed we see price push up into it
we see this bearish candle but what happens remember i want to see the candle close out of
there okay so boom we finally see this candle close out of there perfect entry right here
okay and then from there we're not going to talk about take profits but we can see
that after this entry yeah we're stuck in a little bit of drawdown with this leg up but then boom
price floods to the downside okay so that's monday let's move over to the next day
start off on the four hour and again some of these days we probably won't even see trades
other days we we might fucking lose trades okay but again like i literally just drew out all these
days in a row and we're going to try and get through a lot of these okay and and again the
more we do this the more you guys will see how it works so going into tuesday okay this is market
open all right we see the
four hour and again some of these days we probably won't even see trades other days we
hour is bearish okay so what are we looking for we're looking for cells why
because the four hour is bearish or bias is bearish based on four hour then what
do we do we try and see what time frame we can scale down into by looking at the
one hour time frame okay so boom we scale in oops we scale into the one hour
time frame this is Monday Tuesday okay we scale into the one hour time frame
what do we see boom prior to market open we have these hourly lows okay we
had a break of structure to the upside but then boom prior to market open we
see a break of structure to the downside okay so what are we we're bearish on
both the four hour and the hourly so what are we looking to looking towards
prior to market open we're looking for highs within the market right because
we're bearish we're looking for high time frame sweep so we have an hourly
high right here we have an hourly high right here and
oops
right here and the next hourly high is all the way up here we could also look
at the for our but I believe this was a four hour high from there since the
hourly and the for hour are both bearish we're able to scale into the five
minute time frame okay and start looking for trades okay
we get in here market opens we sweep out one of our high time frame draws on
liquidity what can we do pull our hands out of our ass now what are we waiting
for we're looking for a liquidity sweep or
sorry
We already had our liquidity sweep.
We're waiting for a break of structure
to the downside on the five minute.
When do we get that?
Literally right after.
Boom, we break structure to the downside on the five minute.
Now, let's mark out literally
every single one of our confluences.
This leg up, what does that turn into?
This turns into an order block.
I'll go ahead and just turn that into a blue thing.
This identifies the order block.
What is this down move prior to that break of structure?
Boom, this turns into a breaker.
What else can we identify?
We have, boom, this is a fair value gap.
We also have this is a fair value gap.
Okay, we can go ahead and mark out equilibrium
from boom, swing high, down to swing low.
Okay, so let's see.
Out of all these confluences, which one gets hit?
Did equilibrium get hit on this pullback?
Nope.
Did the order block get hit?
Hit on the pullback?
Nope.
Did the breaker block get hit on the pullback?
Nope.
Did this fair value gap get hit on the pullback?
Nope.
Did this fair value gap get hit on the pullback?
Yes, it did.
Okay, we see price get a move up.
Okay, we see the imbalance from this wick down to this wick.
We see one move up and then we see boom wick right into it.
And then what we see, it closes bearish out of that.
Okay, entry right here on that close.
And again, I'm going to show you guys
how we can get better entries.
So we're not stuck in drawdown like this.
But what do we see?
Okay, price moves down for a little bit.
Hip, hip, hooray, psych.
We move up, we fill this imbalance in a little bit more.
Again, we don't know where our stop losses
and where our take profits are yet.
But we see long-term price makes a big move.
Boom, 22 ticks to the downside for an awesome bearish move.
Okay, that's two days in a row
that we crushed it using that strategy.
Okay, let's move.
Let's move on to Wednesday.
Let's see how Wednesday played out.
And again, this is like not cherry pick.
This is literally me walking through the shit with you guys.
Okay, so this was Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
Okay, so going into Wednesday, what are we?
We are bearish on the four hour timeframe
prior to market open, right?
We have these highs right here.
We have these highs right here.
We never see a break structure to the upside
till obviously after and during the day.
But we're bearish on the four hour.
What are we looking for?
We're looking for sells.
Okay, we go into the hourly timeframe.
Let's look at the hourly prior to market open.
Okay, what are we?
We are bearish, right?
Because we see, boom, there's no highs that are being broken.
Okay, going into pre-market, what are we doing?
We're marking out the high timeframe draws of liquidity.
What are we looking for?
We have, boom, these hourly highs.
We also have, boom, these hourly highs.
We also have, boom, these hourly highs.
All of these have potential to be draws on liquidity.
Both the four hour and the hourly are in line.
We can scale down into the five minute
to be able to take our confluences and take our trade.
Okay, let's get into this.
Okay, market, boom, market opens.
We see, boom, hourly timeframe, confluence gets hit.
Hands out of our ass, okay?
What are we looking for?
Break of structure to the downside.
Boom, when do we get it?
Right after, okay?
Now what are we looking for?
Okay. Let's start labeling our trade.
Our confluences.
We have an imbalance right here.
Okay.
We have, this is a breaker block,
but price doesn't even get any lower than that.
So there's no even retesting this.
We have this move up as an order block,
but again, price isn't even underneath there at that point.
And we can go ahead and mark out equilibrium
from these highs down to these lows.
And we don't see that get hit either.
So our entry is going to be on this fair value gap.
This was a trade that I took, and I actually, you know,
this was a trade that I took, and I actually, you know,
I actually lost on this trade.
However, we'll go over NASDAQ on the same exact day
and show you guys how we won on this.
But continuing, or actually,
there's no reason to even do that.
This is just explanation sake.
I don't need to show you guys that this shit works.
Okay. We come up, we sweep liquidity.
We get a break of structure to the downside.
Okay. We see this imbalance.
Okay. We see, boom, it gets filled.
We see, boom, closure out of that.
This is going to be our entry right here.
Unfortunately for us,
you probably would have been stopped out.
I personally was stopped out on this trade when I took it,
but we can see that price ends up continuing down,
making a downwards move.
And then boom, news came out this day,
price ends up moving higher and higher.
Okay. And like I was saying on NASDAQ,
there was a similar trade that ended up hitting take profit.
I'm pretty sure I put it on like a trade recap somewhere.
If you guys really want to go over and look at it,
you guys can.
So boom, first L using this.
Two wins, one loss.
Okay. Let's move forward to Thursday.
See if there's any trades to take on Thursday.
We're grinding through this.
Monday,
Tuesday,
Wednesday,
Thursday.
Okay. Thursday.
What are we?
We are bullish on the four hour.
And I think if I remember this correctly,
there were no trades to take on this day.
Okay. So we're bullish on the four hour.
Why?
We got a break of structure to the upside right here.
Boom, carrying into market open.
Right? We're seeing nothing.
Nothin' but bulls.
Okay, go into the hourly time frame.
Wait, there actually was a trade today.
Okay, go into the hourly time frame.
Boom, we see that we're breaking structure
higher and higher to the upside on the hourly time frame.
Cool, so we're bullish on both the four hour
and the hourly time frame.
Another perfectly aligned high time frame for us.
We've only been able to scale into the five minute.
We haven't necessarily had one of those
15 minute entries yet, okay?
Hopefully we can have an example of that
sometime along here, okay?
So, boom.
What are we looking for prior to market open?
We're looking for high time frame lows to sweep
because we're bullish, right?
Okay, so we have this hourly low,
we have this hourly low, and all the way down here
we have this potential hourly low down here, okay?
What do we do?
We scale into the five minute.
We're waiting for those confluences to get hit.
And then we can pull our hands out of our ass
if we end up seeing anything, okay?
Now I remember this one.
There's still no trade to take.
Okay, so on this we see boom.
Market opens, we can pull our hands out of our ass
because we see that liquidity had been taken out.
Our high time frame liquidity is taken out.
What do we see after that?
A break of structure, boom, to the upside.
Now what are we looking for?
We're looking for our third confluence, okay?
So boom, we have an imbalance right here.
We have an imbalance right here.
This move down turns into an order block.
And this move up right here is our breaker, okay?
We can also go ahead and mark out equilibrium.
Boom.
Do we see any of our confluences hit?
No, unfortunately not, okay?
We don't see the, we don't see equilibrium hit.
We don't see this imbalance get hit.
We don't see this order block get hit.
We don't see this breaker block get hit.
And we don't see this imbalance get hit.
And we don't see this order block get hit.
And we don't see this order block get hit.
again like i was saying before this i remember this day i was never i was never able to take
a trade on es i'm pretty sure there was a good trade on nasdaq again you guys can probably go
back and look and see if there actually was in the trade recaps uh videos but boom this was an
example of a day where there's no traits to be taken all right moving forward friday of this
same week thursday friday okay friday what are we on the four hour we are bullish okay
right we can see price keeps moving higher and higher okay we keep getting break structures
the upside we go into the hourly time frame what are we we are bullish okay where what do we want
to mark out we want to mark out our hourly lows okay we have an hourly low right here
we have another hourly low right here that was actually already swept we have another hourly
low right here that's pretty much equal that hourly low so boom this is really our
only hourly low what are we able to do since the four hour and the hourly are bullish we're able
to scale into the five minute time frame okay there's really only one low that we want to be
targeting okay we see market push all the way down barely miss it and boom okay yeah you can say
oh you know price came down and swept out liquidity all the way down here cool we can
mark it out just for sake but again like this is this is the
literally like seconds away from asian session right we're not going to be sitting on the charts
for how long would that be nine bruh yeah like 11 hours no thank you but anyways did we finally see
that get hit okay we get a break structure to the upside on the five minute
okay i don't even need to mark out the other confluences because
market closes like right here but again a day where there's no trades to be taken i want to
actually there's no reason to even check okay let's go into monday of the next week so this is
friday monday okay monday of the next week we are still bullish okay we don't know that we're going
to close to the downside on four hour time frame right here okay we are going to be monitoring four
hour low four hour lows and hourly lows okay four hour is bullish let's go into the hourly
boom the hourly was bullish going into market open right
we can see prices moving higher and higher okay with that being said we're going to go ahead and
mark out hourly lows okay so boom we have this hourly low right here do this hourly low all the
way down here okay and we have this hourly low right here okay what are we able to do since the
four hour and the hourly are in line we're able to scale down into the five minute time frame
okay what do we see here okay boom price liquidity gets swept both of these draws of liquidity get
swept okay what are we looking for we're looking for a break of structure boom we see highs right
here nothing highs right here finally break of structure right here now what are we looking
for we see the break we're looking for imbalances do we see any imbalances no no imbalances form do
we see okay we have this order block right here okay not necessarily uh the best confluence okay
we have this breaker block right here super wide price range again what are what are we going to
be doing with this not much okay and then kind of our last hope we can go ahead and mark out
equilibrium from here okay so this is a perfect example of a day that i wouldn't necessarily want
to trade because we can see price comes down we do get this sweep we do get a break of structure
but we don't get a fair value gap we see price push like all the way down here we see price
chopping around yeah we we could technically say okay cool like if we're beginners and we're just
following that step step step for step bar bar for bar cool maybe we make a mistake
and we want to go along here right but in reality if we're looking at this at this price action
and we're understanding that okay this sweep and then this break we're already what three hours
in the market open this isn't necessarily what we're looking for right we see price dip all the
way down here and then cool we get boom legs up let's just say we enter cool damn stopped out
okay move on to the next day tuesday tuesday okay so going into tuesday we are bearish on the
time frame okay right we had a break finally had our break of structure to the downside right here
okay so we're looking for shorts okay we can go ahead and scale into the hourly time frame
we'll look at the hourly time frame we are bullish okay on the hourly so what does that
make us do that makes us scale into the 15 minute time frame start looking for confluences this is
the first time that we've been able to have this opportunity okay so we're going to go ahead and
these highs on the hourly we have these highs and then we have these highs all the way up here
okay so we're going to scale into the 15 minute see if we see anything okay we don't get a sweep
of this we see legs down we sweep this and then boom we rally right back up and again
this is a similar situation to the last time where it does end up going in our direction but again
is this necessarily a trade that we want to take okay we do see a sweep we do see a break
structure to the downside on the 15 minute okay we have an imbalance right here we see it get filled
we see it get closed out of cool maybe this is our entry right how would this have played out for us
probably really well right we see price fall boom 24 ticks and is this and again this is stuff that
we're going to be getting into way way down the line as we keep adding to the strategy talking
about trade times that we want to avoid trading stop loss take profit as we start adding even more
confluences to our strategy so we can avoid days like this but for now right we're purely just
going off of what we know and that's just the basic ass right so cool if we did enter on
this w clap it up dub okay but again just talking about like further down the line ideally we don't
be taking this trade i'm you guys are are getting it now i'm hoping or at least how to
execute let's see this was tuesday wednesday is this the last one that we had wednesday okay cool
we'll do last one wednesday okay i believe this is when price started getting really ugly anyway so
wednesday we are bearish okay on the four hour i believe yeah we're moving sideways on the four
hour again not necessarily ideal trading conditions okay we are bearish on the
bears on the four hour bullish on the hourly or actually we're bearish prior to market open
i believe let's see if this candle yeah this candle was even so we were bearish on both
four hour and the hourly so what does that let us do that lets us scale down in a five minute time
frame what are we doing we're marking hours and not buying india so we we're bullish on our hand
doing we're marking out hourly highs and prior to market open we didn't even know that this was a
high so we're not even going to mark that one out because this down candle hadn't even been formed
yet so we have this hourly high and we have this hourly high all the way up here what are we able
to do scale down in a five minute time frame okay price opens we don't get a break structure to the
downside nothing happens price moves up we chop sideways pretty right like do we want to be
trading a sideways moving market like this not necessarily we also had high impact news at the
end of that day okay um or sorry the following day i believe this was cpi um and boom right we
get a consolidating day again do we want to be trading a market that only moves a total of 21
ticks within the day probably not we want to be catching trending market moves so no trade taken
on this day so
overall hopefully you guys after this little session you guys getting a good you guys got a
good understanding of what we're looking for right we first look at the four hour time frame we look
at the bias based on its trend then from there we scale into the one hour time frame and that
pretty much gives us an overall direction of okay if it's in line with the four hour bias we're
able to scale down to the five minute if it's not in line we're able to scale down to the 15 minute
following that whatever time frame that we're able to scale down into
we're looking for a break of structure followed by a confluence and then we can execute
cool cool so that's our basic ass there's still a lot more to add on to this to make it
a lot better because obviously right what we just walked through it's not necessarily ideal
we're not able to catch trades every single day we're not necessarily getting the best win rate
but it's a step in the right direction to be able to have a actual good
solid working strategy and that's what we want to work towards okay
so hopefully this video was helpful similar to the little text text text out video that we did for
you guys again if you guys haven't written this down please do screenshot it put it somewhere
tape it on your computer because this is going to help you guys a lot after we start adding
more and more onto this i did leg day today my legs are dying bro oh also do you guys want
to see this rolls royce ghost that i made when i was bored
isn't this kind of gay but anyway strategy creation
numero three we already know our current situation right let's break it down
even though i really don't want to type this out again step one
four hour trend what is it that's bias boom two one hour trend determine
what time
jeez bro okay so four hour trend deter uh determines what the bias is one hour trend
determines what time frame we're able to scale down to if it's in line with the four hour
we go to five minute if it's not in line we go to the 15 minute and then from there
three need high time frame liquidity liquidity sweep either one hour or four hour okay in line
with our bias so if the four hour bias is bullish we're looking for lows to be swept if the four hour
bias is bearish we're looking for highs to be swept okay and then from there scale to whatever
okay so right now this is what we have four hour trend what's the bias hourly trend determines the
bias the hourly trend determines what time frame we can scale down to again at the four hour an
hour online we can go to the five minute if not we can go to the 15 minute from there we're looking
for a high time frame liquidity sweep either on either from one hour highs and lows or four hour
highs and lows we can mark out all of them we don't do anything until those get hit and then from
there once those get hit we can scale down to whatever time frame that the one hour let us scale
down to and look for a break of structure then a third confluence entry right we see the entry we
know that the reaction out of it is just like a candle up or a candle down boom now wait yeah we
already showed that okay now
we are going to add one more thing before we start talking about stop losses and take profits
and then after that we're going to add more things to help us get even better entries okay so for the
time being we're not even talking about stop-loss take-profit we're talking about another way
to help our entries out and then we can get into stop-loss and take profits right after this one
okay so what are we adding to this we're adding better ways to enter off of the third confluence so
okay so hopefully this video has been helpful to you y'all so I appreciate you all watching and I'll see you next time, peace out.
make sense to you guys we'll show you guys how to identify that but once the
third foot confluence gets hit so let's say the four hour bias is bullish the
hourly bias is bullish cool we can scale down into the five minute time frame
once we get a sweep of hourly lows okay so boom let's say these are hourly lows
we see a sweep we then scale down into five minute okay we see boom a five
minute break of structure and then we also see a fair value gap right here
when price enters into this fair value gap before the only way that we were
getting confluence was oh buying power out of it with an up candle cool we
enter off that price goes higher now we're going to be able to get even more
into this shit when price gets in here we can scale down into the one minute
time frame and just wait for a one minute break of structure enter off that
instead of having to wait for a full five minute candle to close because
you're going to have to wait for a full five minute candle to close because
if the one minute break structure within this five minute confluence we can
pretty much assume that oh one minute break of structure that is more than
likely going to cause a five minute bullish candle okay same thing to the
downside so let's say we have boom this is an hourly high the four hours
bearish but the hourly is bullish okay and we get a sweep of this and then we
scale down into the 15 minute time frame we see a 15 minute break of structure
and price
enters into this order block once we get into this order block we can scale into
the five minute time frame and wait for a five minute break of structure to the
downside without having to wait for a full bearish 15 minute candle to enter
cool pretty fucking simple shit on this one just an extra little addition to the
law to the step-by-step program that we've already given you guys so far so
cool cool next video is going to be a little bit different than the last one
we're going to be on stop loss and take profit points okay should be another
pretty easy video but one more step in the process bull run I'll see you guys
in the next one today we're gonna be talking about I decided we're gonna
split up stop losses and take profits we'll just discuss stop losses today
stop losses why are they necessary because we don't want to end up like the
fucking Kanye clip and end up being a
shit ton of money we want to be on the spectrum in losing a bunch of our money
we want to be on the other side of the spectrum getting paper getting rich
getting bread okay so what does stop losses help us do they help us stay the
fuck out of losing a shit ton of money okay so stop losses why are they
important and how are they useful to us well pretty much treat this almost like
a confluence ass video right so again why do we use them why are they useful
why are they important why are they useful why are they useful why are they
important we use them so we don't lose a shit ton of money so we're able to use
risk management and why are they beneficial to us because it's pretty
much marking a specific price where our trade idea is invalidated and we want
to exit the market because we were just fucking wrong
so stop losses why are they useful I wouldn't say it helps us it makes us
makes us practice risk management why do we look forward to response Schneider and Kruin
use them so we don't lose a shit ton of money and then why do this is also on
top of that so we don't lose a shit ton of money and because it identifies a
price where our trade idea is invalid dated invalid dated sorry our party
declined okay they're useful for us because it helps us practice miss it
makes us practice risk management pretty much forces us or for the most part
unless you're like fucking full porting but and makes us practice risk
management because it gives us a set and defined area that we're fully going to
get out of the market and then why don't
we want to use them because we don't want to lose a shit ton of money unless
you're an idiot and you're on the other side of the spectrum that con you talked
about and because it helps identify a price for our trade idea is invalidated
that's why it's useful that's why we want to apply it ready set fucking break
let's go to the next video um where we can no we'll just put it all in one
video I was almost going to blue ball you guys like literally just whoa sorry
I'm not allowed to do that anymore um but literally was just like about to
like
my audience is all male so how am I not supposed to be fruity like trying to
explain what blue balling means to you guys anyways let's get in here we're
just going to do drawings for now just so because that's all we need to do right
now we're just going to show it on drawings and then when we get into other
strategy creation videos we can show it on the chart actually identifying these
trade setups so for the time being let's go over an example of where we put our stop losses there's a couple
of places where I typically would like to put my stop loss so again we need to think about what's
the main use of these I'm burning in this bitch literally sweating my ass off right now so say
thank you in the comments like literally I wish you guys could feel my chest it's wet right now
okay but anyways let's say we see whatever our liquidity sweep breaking structure on the lower
time frame we see the third confluence get entered in let's say we're on the five minute
okay we see a one minute break of structure boom and let's say we're we were able to enter off
like an order block really close to the liquidity sweep for me as long as my take profit and we'll
get into take profits tomorrow okay as long as my take profit with my first area that I'm always
going to be looking for for my stop loss is going to be over the liquidity sweep why because that
that's like without a doubt like if we're taking our trade off of this
liquidity sweep so we know that the trade idea is completely booth pack we're on the other side
of the spectrum if it if price goes above this this sweep right because then it's not a liquidity
sweep because price keeps going higher okay so that's my first area that I would like to
put my stop loss above a liquidity sweep if the risk to reward doesn't make sense for my first take
profit and again we'll talk about that so let's say my first take profit is like right here and it
doesn't make sense cool what else am I going to look for well within the confluence I'll either
look for again this is for bearish bias I'll look at we'll talk about Polish bias next okay I'll
look for the highs made within the confluence prior to that break of structure to the downside
on the lower time frame okay or I'll just look for the
made within the confluence I was made so let's say we make a five minute high
right here and we're continuing down cool and then we find our entry within
the one minute time frame right here awesome my stop-loss is going to be
above those highs cool as long and again this makes it a little bit risky because
what happens if price goes up here is your trade idea and validated well not
completely sort of because you thought that price was going to go lower from
here and then it ended up wanting to go a little bit higher taking out these
highs but overall your bias was correct because you were still able to identify
the liquidity sweep so that's where you want to debate with yourself and see
okay is this worth taking the risk of taking this trade or would I rather just
sit this one went out based on the risk reward okay so again that's
okay so again that's
if your take profit is like right here and you have a horrible risk reward but
you see a five-minute high you see the break okay and you're like okay bet now
this makes sense because it's a one-to-one cool gets hit yay we're rich
not okay moving forward this Norton security shit always asked me to
restart my computer who do you think I am bro okay that's mainly where I like
to put my stop-losses either above the liquidity sweep
again that's going to be our highest confluence like okay boom if the
liquidity sweep gets taken out bet like word it's said and fucking done right our
trade idea we're just really shit at this because it wasn't a liquidity sweep
and that's what we were basing our whole fucking trade off or we're going to be
basing off it off of okay that confluence area right we see the fair
value gap boom we make like a five-minute high we get our entry
somewhere within here cool another area that I like to
put my stop-loss again maybe my take profit is like right here and the
stop-loss or let's say it's like here okay and if in the stop-loss doesn't
make sense to put it over or sorry and the stop-loss if it's going to be above
here it's still an insane risk-reward ratio but because of that scary-ass
shit where price could push higher go to another confluence and because our
risk-reward is so good we can give our stop-loss a little bit of breathing room
so instead of putting it above the high that's made within the confluence we
just put it above the confluence itself because what happens if price wants to
just push a little deeper into the confluence and then go lower from there
still possibility happens all the time so those are really like the three those
are really like the three levels of stop-loss and stop-loss
areas that I'd like to like to put my stop-loss at first and foremost is going
to be above or below the liquidity second is going to be the high that's
made within the third confluence okay and third is just going to be above the
confluence itself right if we have a fair value gap we have a fair value gap
price pushes in there makes a high okay this is a possible spot and then also
above there is a possible spot and again why is this better because we could push
higher into the confluence
then go lower but again if we push fully past that confluence the trade idea is
essentially bunk because we were trying to take a trade off of this confluence
off of this price range cool and it's going to be the same thing to the upside
so boom we see the liquidity sweep again the most ideal stop-loss is going to be
underneath these lows because the price comes down here boom were on the
spectrum and we didn't identify this liquidity sweep correctly okay moving
forward if we have a little confluence fucking fair value gap right here okay
second area that we can put our stop-loss is going to be right within
here okay let's say we find our entry right here we can go ahead and plop our
stop-loss right there take profit like breaking here cool nice and then
remember if our first take profit it gives us a lot of
room right a really good risk-reward our last area if we if we want to give our
trade potential to work potential breathing room because we're scared
about this being a like super strong confluence okay and price potentially do
this our third area to put our stop-loss is just underneath that
confluence that we're taking a trade off of because again if price goes down into
this like this and then continues higher the trade idea wasn't fucking bunk
because it's still you know it's not going to be a good trade because it's
still used the the confluence that we wanted to take a trade off of right so
there's varying levels of risk to this this is pretty much like our best bet
underneath the liquidity sweep or over the liquidity sweep second best bet is
going to be underneath or over the confluence and then third best bet is
going to be on the higher low made within the confluence cool and cool stop
losses explained I'll see you guys in the next one I appreciate you last video
we covered stop losses today we will be covering take profits should be a
relatively easy day and we're going to use the trade that I took yesterday to
help us identify take profits so first of all I just want to sit in front of
you guys and have you guys look at my pretty face and also tell you guys the
benefit of having take profits besides making fucking money and also a couple
different strategies that you guys could use because you guys don't know
necessarily have to use my strategy of taking profits and you guys don't even
have to be using my trading strategy but you guys are like hey I need to know
where and how to take profits from the market cool this video is for you let's
get into it so why are take profits beneficial one it helps us make money
within the market and two we need a set price or a set area for us to be able to
just cash out or take money out of the market because as we know
we're trading on like 5 15 hourly increments okay we're trying to catch
like 1 to 3 hour moves we're not trying to catch daily moves unless you're a
swing trader again this is going to vary but whatever timeframe that you're
trading on you have to understand we're trading on the five-minute timeframe we
can't be setting our take profits based on like daily draws on liquidity or
daily confluences because there's so much price action
the five minute timeframe, 15 minute hourly and four hour, that odds that, let me show you guys
the chart real quick, which within each one of these daily candles, there's going to be a lot
of price action. There's going to be a ton of five minute candles, right? There's going to be a ton
of 15 minute candles, a ton of one minute, or sorry, a ton of one minute candles, a ton of hourly
candles. And they all make up this big down candle. So the reason why I'm telling you guys
this is even though if we know where the market wants to go on the daily timeframe, we still
can't necessarily set our five minute entry take profit based off of daily levels, because
within this daily candle, even though we know it probably wants to move down within the five
minute, it could go, oops, within the five minute, it could go,
like this, it could go up and then we get a move down and then boom, right back up, stop us
out at breakeven and then boom, right back down. And then, oh, sweep these highs and then go down
to make that daily candle, to make that daily down candle. And even though our overall bias
was correct, like, hey, we know the daily timeframe wants to go down, it's probably
seeking out the strong liquidity. That's, we can't base our take profits based off of that
high of a timeframe while executing on that low of a timeframe. So I want you guys to
keep that in mind. First of all, when placing your take profits along with that, how are
take profits beneficial? Again, we can't be over ambitious. We can't be greedy and we
can't keep extending our take profits. So it literally marks, that's why stop losses
and take profits are so important. It literally marks the areas where we say, okay, price
hit a price point where price could potentially reverse off of and go back in the other direction.
For me personally,
I don't like setting take profits based off of like random shit. Like, oh, it's five ticks to the
downsides. Oh, I'm going to take my profit. That's okay. If that's how you guys operate and that's
how you guys take profit, that's a take profit strategy. Cool. I'm just not going to teach you
guys that there, because for me, I like to do everything based off of common sense, even though
it seems like I have done sometimes. Okay. I like to take profits based on probable areas where if
price hits that area within my current bias, right? Let's say,
I take a short. If it hits this area, there is potential that once that
area gets hit, price could reverse and end up taking out my trade. Okay? So again, that's why
I set multiple take profits so I can let my runners run. And that's also why we have a
firm set stop loss because if, again, that's why I don't like saying, oh,
I have five ticks stop loss. I would much rather place my stop loss above an area that invalidates
invalidates my trade idea. So if price goes up and hits a certain price point and invalidates my
trade idea, then geez, bro. Okay. It's gone. If price hits that price point, then it's pretty
much saying, look, my trade idea was wrong versus if I just place a short, no stop loss, no take
profit. And we're just thinking, oh, price is going to go down. Where's our invalidation points?
Where is the point where, okay, this trade idea is no longer valid. Where is a point where we want
to exit the trade and say, boom, congratulations, you fucking killed it. You predicted where price
wanted to go. So that's why number one, a huge rule about taking profits, never extend your
take profits, never move your take profits. Once you set your stop loss and your take profit,
don't fucking move it. Don't fucking change it. Leave it there. Okay. Because emotions can come
into play, especially a lot of you guys, you guys are emotionally affected by the market.
There's no reason to be moving your stop loss. And there's no reason for you guys to be moving
your take profit. Just place the trade. And so what if you guys lose cool, it's a learning
experience that you guys lost a trade. If anything, that's good for you guys. So you can
figure out what the fuck you did wrong versus if you guys keep extending your stop loss, keep
extending your take profit, then you don't even know why you placed the trade in the first place,
because now your invalidation point is much higher and your take profit point is much lower.
And then you won't even know why you lost the trade or why you won the trade, because who knows
what could have happened if it hit that invalidation point or if it hit the original
take profit that you guys set. Cool. So let's get into take profits now into the chart. I like to
take profits based off of high confluence areas where price could potentially reverse based off
that current trade idea. So we'll use the trade that I took today or yesterday as an example.
So I took shorts on the five minute timeframe. Okay. I had three take profits on this.
One, two, and three. Okay. And why did I have these three take profits? Well, they were hourly
draws on liquidity and they were four hour draws on liquidity. So with that in mind, I'm thinking,
okay, at this current time, the daily timeframe is bullish. And if it wants to continue being
bullish, again, that's in the back of my mind, even though my bias was short,
which is okay because the daily timeframe was bullish. The four hour was bearish and the hourly
was bearish. I was okay taking shorts. Even though the daily was bullish, I have to keep
that in the back of my head because I know, okay, this four hour low, this hourly low,
this four hour order block could potentially cause the daily timeframe as we come into these
levels to continue bullish.
And two, push higher, even though my bias on the five minute was bearish. And even though I took
this trade to the downside. Okay. So I exited half of my position here, another half of my
open position here, and then I closed the rest of my remaining position here and crushed this trade
versus if I had just left this open ended, let's say I didn't even have this here. Yeah. Price
probably like I would have made fucking bank, but what would have happened if price came down
here and I'm like, oh, it's going to keep going lower. And then boom, the daily timeframe continues
higher. That's why we need to take profits. Okay. So now with that in mind, let's just go in
and list take profit points. Okay. And our take profit points are actually going to be
our confluences. Why? Because keep in mind, even though we're taking trades to the downside,
where do we, where would we likely want to take pro take profits where price could potentially
reverse back up to the upside based off of our regular trade confluences, right? Because these
are confluences for price to potentially give us a trade entry, even though we're not trying
to take longs off of these points, we're trying to exit our sell positions. Okay. And obviously
the inverse is applicable as well. So where do we like, where do we want to take profit off of
draws?
We want to take profit off of liquidity, order blocks, fair value gaps, breakers, and sometimes
even equilibrium. This is where we can take profit off of just previous confluences. And typically
what I like to do is I like to take the confluences on the high timeframe. So again, for
me, I find my bias based on the four hour and the one hour. So where am I likely going to set my
take profits on the four hour and on the one hour based on certain confluences. So
like you guys saw, whoa, what's happening on this trade, my take profit points were based off of
hourly liquidity here, hourly liquidity here, and a four hour order block right here. Boom, simple,
simple, simple. Just that's, that's as simple as it is because again, remember guys, what are we
trying to do when we enter into a trade, right? Let's, let's just do this whole trade recap over
again.
Okay. So we know that the four hour was bearish. The hourly was bearish. Where was I looking for a
trade? Okay, we saw, I'll kind of speak through this five minute break of structure after sweeping
these five minute highs. We filled in this fair value gap. We saw one minute break of structure.
I entered off that stops above the stops above the fair value gap. Okay. Where am I looking to
potentially exit and how will this trade complete my bias for the day? Well, we know what wants to go
down.
the four hour and the hourly are saying yeah it's likely going to go down but where could the four
hour and the hourly also reverse off of hourly liquidity four hour liquidity and a four hour
order block so that's where we set our take profits okay you can for the most part i don't
really like taking profits on the 15 minute or the five minute um setting it based off these if
there's no like hourly or four hour confluences for take profit points then i'll scale down into
the 15 minute and try and find like 15 minute liquidity um but most of the time you will be
able to find these confluences to be able to take profits and to be able to secure profits
from the market from your trade okay so with that in mind we just covered stop losses we just have
covered take profits we are going to be talking
about even more strategy creation how we can amplify our strategy because for the time being
i need to go back and check in on the strategy creation part three um for the time being i'm
pretty sure we have pretty limited um amount of strategy for us to be taking trades which
is good right now because right now again the whole point of this is to build your guys's base
okay and then scale it up until you guys have the great pyramid of giza okay wow
no no illuminati i didn't eat that wasn't like a sign or anything i didn't okay anyways i'll see
you guys tomorrow peace out i love you guys welcome to strategy creation strategy creation
part four so right now our strategy consists of this four hour bias based on the trend one hour
determines what time frame
we can scale into to take trades okay um if in line with oops with four hour um five minute
if not we go to the 15 minute okay from there let's put this here
and then from there we scale into whatever lower time frame
ltf scale into lower time frame look for high time frame liquidity sweep okay so either on
the one hour or the four hour and then from there scale into lower time frame look for break
of structure and a third confluence
and then from there we can scale down lower time frame if we were on five minute we can
go into one minute 15 minutes to five minutes and find a break after entering
third confluence into the third confluence and i'll just
and i'll just get a little return right here
coming right here
here. Okay. So right now it looks like this. We find the four hour bias. We see, oh, the four
hours bullish. Cool. Our overall bias for the day is going to be bullish. From there, we scale into
the one hour timeframe and we see what's the one hour bias. Okay. And that determines what timeframe
we can scale into to take the trade. So if the one hour timeframe is in line with the four hours,
so let's say the four hours bullish and the hourly is bullish. Cool. We can scale into the five
minute timeframe. If the four hours bullish and the hourly is bearish, we scale into the 15 minute
timeframe. From there, we go into the lower timeframes and we look for a high timeframe
liquidity sweep. Okay. So we're looking for liquidity on both the hourly and the four hour.
From there, we're not doing anything until that liquidity gets hit. Once it gets hit,
we can scale into the lower timeframe and look for a break of structure. Look for a break of
structure. Again, if the four hour and hourly are in line, we're going to the five minute,
if the four hour and the hourly aren't in line, we're going to the 15 minute,
looking for a break of structure and then a third confluence. Okay. So that could be boom,
break of structure. And then we have an order block and we're looking for a third confluence
to get entered in. Once the third confluence gets pushed into, if we're on the five minute,
we can scale into the one minute and try and find a break of structure within there. Okay. And
enter off that. If we're on the 15 minute and it's entering into a 15 minute third confluence,
we can scale into the five minute and find a break of structure right there.
That's the strategy that we have so far. Okay. So I would like to add to this now.
This is pretty, this is what we have right now. And this is to wait for a liquidity sweep right
when market opens. Sometimes that's not the case. And sometimes there's a liquidity sweep
before market opens. So what we are going to add to this is going to be,
during pre-market, a liquidity sweep, and then a break to the downside, first thing that we want
to do, still identify the four-hour bias. And if the four-hour bias is bearish, let's say the four
hour bias is bearish and we recently broke structure on the four-hour. But up here during
pre-market, we saw an hourly liquidity sweep and a break of structure. You're probably thinking,
well, there's probably not going to be another liquidity sweep. So what are we supposed to do
off this? That's when we start looking for the hourly confluences. So what happens when we get
an hourly sweep and a break of structure to the downside? We form order blocks on the hourly. We
form an order block on the hourly. We form an order block on the hourly. We form an order block
form breakers on the hourly, we form fair value gaps on the hourly, we form equilibrium on the
hourly. And from there, we treat these confluences as our high timeframe sweeps, because the high
timeframe sweep has already happened during pre-market or maybe during London session,
whatever. And market is already moving in the direction that it wants to go,
right? Which is what the original strategy is based off of, trying to find the start of a
move, right? Trying to enter up here. What happens if this has already happened?
Well, we can still trade the continuation of that hourly trend.
And that's what we're going to talk about today. So on top of that, if we see a hourly or a four
hour liquidity sweep, we're still going to follow this. We look at the four hour bias and we look
at the hourly bias. But if we already see a sweep have happened,
has happened. And I mean, like just recently, like, let's see if I can find an example of this.
Okay. Let's use this as an example. Okay. Let's say that this is a market open.
Okay. And we sweep out these highs. Okay. And hypothetically, let's just say that the four
hour is bearish and the hourly, we see a sweep of these highs and then a break of structure.
And let's say like right here is market open. Obviously we already see the sweep,
and we know that our bias is bearish and the hourly bias is bearish, but we're saying, Hey,
odds that we're going to, if the hourly and the four hour bias is bearish, what are the odds that
this is the only high that we have currently? Let's say that like, this is price action. This
is the high that has to be swept. You're probably thinking, Oh, we can't even take a trade today.
Well, no, that's when this addition to the strategy comes into play. That's when we can say,
Hey, look, there's a fair value gap.
The hourly there's a order block. I can't even see. Yeah. Boom. There's an order block on the
hourly right here. Okay. There's a breaker right here on the hourly. Okay. And from there we use
these confluences getting entered in similar to the liquidity sweep happening. So if we already
see a liquidity sweep happen in like a break,
on the hourly, then what can we do? We can target hourly confluences. So let's say price
enters into a fair value gap market opens. What are we going to do? If the four hour bias is
bearish, the hourly bias is bearish, and we enter into an hourly fair value gap after a
liquidity sweep has already happened, we're able to scale down into the five minute and all that
we're looking for is a five minute break of structure. And then our third confluence,
and then we just continue on. So we see a five minute break,
a structure, boom, five minute fair value gap scale into the one minute, look for a one minute
break of structure, enter off that stops above the highs target. Again, we already talked about
targets yesterday, higher timeframe draws on liquidity, higher timeframe confluences.
And that's all that today is. We're just adding that little piece of strategy with liquidity
sweeps. Let's talk about how it would work in the opposite direction. Okay. So let's say,
and with the four hour and the hourly not in line,
so let's say boom, the four hour is bullish and the hourly, we see a liquidity sweep to the downside
and then a break of structure, the upside. Okay. And then boom, we see an hourly,
we see an hourly confluence right here, a fair value gap or fuck it. Let's say order block.
Okay. This is our order block. And we see price draw into this hourly order block and then boom,
this market opens. This is our market open. We already saw a pre-market sweep.
We already saw the sweep happen. So the odds that a liquidity sweep is going to happen are low.
Okay. Again, something that I want you guys to keep in mind, always be open
again, like our best and most awesome confluence is going to be liquidity sweep.
So obviously we're going to want to look for a liquidity sweep, but there's going to be obvious
times. Like this day, at this point, we're going to want equity to imp cherry market. We're going
to want liquidity as always. Keep in mind this is a great time to Masters Telplans are here. And
then at this point, we're going to want to build up Pooled pockets. We're going to want a goodğimmở
day for example like we're already so far gone like let's say this was market open right here
you really think that price is going to come all the way up here and give us a trade entry
to be able to sweep this liquidity because the four hour was bearish the hourly was bearish
but you think price is just gonna mank and then go to no so what would we have to play off of
hourly fair value gap boom we see it enter into an hourly fair value gap we can just use this
for an example okay we scale into our lower time frame where's the break of structure we
see a move down then a move up move down then move up right here boom we break structure on this
candle cool what else do we have we have a fair value gap within here we see price push into the
fair value gap cool let's scale down into the one minute time frame even again like this is
some this was like during asian session or something but this is just uh
show you guys how it worked boom we get a break of structure right here move up or sorry move
down then move up okay we see price break structure cool enter off that boom okay we
can target higher time frame draws on liquidity all the way down here cool cool that's how we
would look at it okay let's talk about the upside and then we can wrap this up because this is just
another
addition to our strategy and again there's going to be even more additions to this
to help you guys find a bunch of trades because right now you guys probably aren't finding many
trades okay and that was the point we just want to start building on top of our foundation
okay so boom let's say this happens during pre-market
okay we have this order block price enters into the order block boom let's say market open like
right here we see price dipping down entering into this hourly order block the four hours bullish the
hourly is bullish cool we know that we want to go long what are we waiting for we're waiting for a
five minute break of structure the upside because we moved down we we probably had to break five
minute structure to the downside to be able to fill in this order block right because it's going
to be an hourly retrace we wait for a five minute confirmation break of structure out of that
we wait for our five minute third confluence okay whether it be a fair value gap
whether it be an order block on the five minute whether it be equilibrium we see price push in
there
either we wait for that five minute move up or one minute break of structure boom we enter off of
that stops either underneath the fair value gap underneath these lows to play it safe and then we
can target previous hourly highs or four hour highs or hourly confluences or four hour confluences to
take our trade let's get going all right we are going to add on to our strategy today let's get
up and let's get popping so i shouldn't have to do much of a recap of what we already know within
our strategy but today we are going to add a little bit more on how we can actually take
more trades without just a liquidity sweep happening during pre-market just a liquidity
sweep happening right when market opens okay so step one what are we looking for we're looking
for a four hour bias slash trend to determine what our bias for the day is going to be
step two look at the one hour okay trend bias slash trend that helps us what lower
to scale into okay that helps us determine what lower time frame to scale into when our bigger
confluences get hit and today we are going to be talking about extra or i guess other high time
frame confluences other than a liquidity sweep that can help us take take trades okay so moving
on from there when our high time frame confluences get hit we scale and geez kale scale into
lower time frame and then four okay wait for lower time frame break of structure five wait
for lower time frame third confluence whether that's a fair value gap order block breaker block
equilibrium okay and then six wait for either smaller lower time frame break of structure or
up slash down candle on the current lower time frame out of the third confluence
boom boom boom boom boom boom okay so that's what we have so far right this is how we're taking
trades okay and the only thing that changes here is number three number three it originally was
wait for a higher time frame liquidity sweep especially not when the high and the lower time frame is up.
liquidity sweep whether it's on the 4-hour or the 1-hour, okay? And again, the 1-hour timeframe,
it helps us determine whether we're scaling into the 5-minute or the 15-minute to look for that
break of structure and to look for that third confluence. We all know that, right? So today,
we're going to talk about higher timeframe confluences other than liquidity sweeps that
can help us enter in off of trades, okay? And this should be pretty freaking simple,
should be pretty freaking easy to add into our arsenal, okay?
So let's say we are in geez, wait, this mouse is moving a little bit. Whoa. Okay. Let's say we are
in an uptrend on the 4-hour and let's say we're in a downtrend on the hourly. So from our current
strategy that we know, if we're in an uptrend on the 4-hour, our bias is going to be bullish,
we're going to be looking for long term ETFs. So let's just say we're in an uptrend on the 4-hour
and we're going to be looking for long term ETFs. So if we were in an uptrend on the 4-hour,
longs and the main thing that we're looking for is either going to be a four-hour break of structure
or sorry a four-hour liquidity sweep or an hourly liquidity sweep to the downside 15-minute break
of structure 15-minute third confluence either wait for a five-minute break of structure after
that third confluence or just a 15-minute candle to the upside in order to execute right now with
the new additions that we're putting in we won't have to wait for an hourly liquidity sweep it's
still a possible confluence that we can take a trade off of however now we're going to add in
four-hour confluences so let's say we have a four-hour order block or a four-hour breaker
or a four-hour fair value gap in the hourly time frame pushes into them okay that is still a high
time frame confluence that we are able to scale down into once it gets hit even if we don't get
a liquidity sweep on the hourly we can scale into the 15-minute
time frame confluence that we are able to scale down into once it gets hit even if we don't get
a liquidity sweep on the hourly we can scale that up into that high time frame once we get into
these four-hour confluences okay and we can see does the 15-minute give me a break of structure
does the 15-minute give me that third confluence filled does the five-minute give a break break
of structure after that third confluence gets filled boom execute that's all that
we're doing okay so on top of high time frame liquidity sweeps we're adding in high time frame
confluences okay and how i want you guys to look at this would be if the 4 hour is
at
not in line with the hourly. So let's say the four hours in an uptrend and the hourlies in a downtrend,
we're going to be looking for four-hour confluences. Okay, so four-hour fair value gaps, four-hour order blocks,
four-hour breaker blocks, four-hour equilibrium. We can look for price draw in there and then once that gets hit,
we can scale into the 15-minute as if we saw a high time from liquidity sweep.
Again, we're not ruling out high time from liquidity sweeps. Those are still extremely valid.
We're just adding another piece to this. Okay, so within this high timeframe confluences, what does that involve?
That involves liquidity sweeps, that involves four-hour order blocks, that includes four-hour fair value gaps,
that includes four-hour breaker blocks, equilibrium, all of that. Okay, so that's when the four-hour is in an uptrend
and the hourly is in a downtrend. Okay, same situation as all of this except instead of just waiting for a liquidity sweep,
we are able to use four-hour confluences.
Now, what happens if we are in a downtrend?
We are in an uptrend on the four-hour and an uptrend on the hourly.
Well, again, just like here, we don't necessarily have to wait for an hourly liquidity sweep
or a four-hour liquidity sweep to scale into the five-minute.
Now, when both the four-hour and the hourly are in line, we can look for hourly fair value gaps,
hourly order blocks, hourly breaker blocks for price to draw into and then when we get in there,
we can look for a five-minute break of structure.
Five-minute third confluence fill, either a one-minute break of structure out of that third confluence
or just a five-minute candle to the upside and execute.
Boom.
So, all that we added today is going to be the ability to take trades off of not only liquidity sweeps
but also higher timeframe confluences while still literally keeping that same systematic strategy that we already have.
So, our high timeframe confluences are, again, still high timeframe liquidity sweeps
but now we have high timeframe fair value gaps, high timeframe order blocks, high timeframe breaker blocks,
high timeframe equilibrium and when those get hit, we can scale down into our lower timeframe,
wait for that lower timeframe break of structure, wait for that lower timeframe third confluence,
wait for that either smaller timeframe break of structure, okay,
or just an up or down candle on the current lower timeframe out of the third confluence, okay.
So, again, we'll show this one more time with a downtrend.
So, let's say we're in a four-hour downtrend and the one hour is in an uptrend, okay,
since the four-hour and the hourly are opposing, okay, and the four-hour is in a downtrend.
We want to be taking shorts, okay.
Let's say there's a four-hour fair value gap right here and price already drew into it.
Let's say we don't end up sweeping.
Hourly liquidity to the upside to cause us to look for shorts.
We can simply look for a 15-minute break of structure, a fill of a third confluence on the 15-minute
because we're within a four-hour confluence, okay, to look for price to move lower, okay.
And then one more time, if we're in a downtrend on the four-hour and the hourly is in a downtrend,
we can simply look for hourly confluences, okay, for price to push into an hourly fair value gap.
Again, possible hourly liquidity.
Possible four-hour liquidity sweep.
Possible hourly breaker block.
Possibly an hourly order block for us to scale into the five-minute.
Get a break of structure to the downside.
Look for that third confluence and then either look for a one-minute break of structure to the downside
or just wait for a five-minute down candle for us to execute.
Cool? Cool. Perfect.
We're adding to the strategy.
Hopefully, this helps you guys.
I guess give you guys more setups throughout the day and throughout your trading day
because originally, it started off with us just being able to take trades purely off of liquidity sweeps.
We don't necessarily want that, okay.
We want to be able to take trades for the most part whenever price gives us a high probability setup
and we are just adding on to that today.
So that being said, I appreciate you guys.
Thank you guys for sticking with me, all right.
Peace out, boys.
I've given a lot of sauce out on here.
For free, her fucking usual to you guys mainly focused on like futures and indexes.
But I know a lot of you guys are Forex traders as well.
So I wanted to start going into an old Forex strategy that I used to use.
The strategy that I teach in the trading transformation, in the boot camp, it's still applicable to Forex.
I just kind of wanted to go into a Forex specific strategy.
I've never used it on indexes and I honestly don't think it would apply that well
because this utilizes every single session for Forex, okay.
So yeah, I kind of want to get into a Forex strategy to help you guys out with that.
To be able to help you guys make a shit ton of money in trading for free
because that's what I came here to do.
It's my purpose for y'all.
I really want to turn all you guys profitable.
So without further ado, let me pull up a Forex chart.
I know you guys can't see the chart right now.
But I'll go ahead and pull up GBPJPY
because this was my favorite pair when I traded Forex back in the day.
Okay, so the first thing that you're going to need to do is mark out session opens.
Okay, and if you guys have no clue when sessions open,
the best thing that you guys can do is go to babypips session.
Oh yeah, mark it out.
Boom.
Okay, so this shows it for my time in Puerto Rico.
I'm going to change it to New York time,
which is actually the same fucking time.
But that's what my timeframe is set to.
For you guys, it depends on what pair you're trading.
It's probably best if you just have this shit set to New York time
because it'll be in line with the indexes.
And yeah.
Okay, so boom.
We can go ahead and see
when
all of these sessions open.
And that's the first step of this strategy.
Okay, so we want to be able to mark out every session open.
And we're actually going to ignore Australian session.
Okay, so we're mainly going to focus on Asian session, London session and New York session.
So if we go over here,
we know that New York session opens at 8 a.m.
Okay, so we can go ahead and mark out 8 a.m.
Right here.
Boom.
Okay.
And then London session opens at 3 a.m.
So we can go ahead and find 3.
Boom.
Right here.
And then Asian session opens at 8 p.m.
So we can go ahead and mark that out.
What is 8 p.m.?
That's 20.
Boom.
Okay, so these are the numbers that we want.
Oops.
This should be at 8, 3, 20.
Perfect.
Okay, so this is Asian session.
And then boom, New York session just started.
All right, we're going to want to mark out these consistently on our chart.
Boom.
Okay.
So how this strategy goes,
and I'm sure you guys have seen this in like videos before.
But what I like to do is I will mark out the session highs and the session lows.
And this is a little bit different.
This is a little bit different than just marking out draws on liquidity because it's just – sorry, rewind itself.
We're marking out the session highs and session lows.
And it's a little bit different than just marking out like liquidity because most of the time with liquidity, we're just marking every single high and fucking low.
But with this, I'm marking out the session highs and session lows.
And on top of that, I like to do it on the 30-minute.
And for whatever reason, this just came with fucking market experience.
Don't ask me fucking why.
But based on my experience, doing it this way works.
Okay.
Going in on the 30-minute and what I like to do is I like to take – we see where the session highs and the lows are, right?
We can see that these are the session lows.
And I like to take a little box and draw it out like this from the base of the candle down to the low and then from the base of the candle up to the high.
Okay.
And those are kind of our –
Okay.
Our good to go areas.
Okay.
And from there, what I like to do is I like to go and look at overall market sentiment.
Okay.
Figure out like, all right, right now, price is in a relative uptrend.
Okay.
We have a pretty strong highs up here.
But we're in a relatively strong uptrend, especially within the hourly, right?
We just saw price come down.
Sweep out these lows.
Big strong move up.
Okay.
For me, that's giving me an overall bullish sentiment.
Okay.
And what I want you guys to think about – and we're not going to go into executions yet today.
We're just going to show kind of how this works.
Okay.
What this strategy is based off of, it's based off of sweeps of session highs and session lows and then just taking a trade back down to session highs and lows.
Okay.
So we're seeing session highs and lows as – I guess you could fucking call it like support and resistance, which I don't necessarily – I'm not a fucking support and resistance trader.
But I guess you could fucking call it that.
But for me, I more see this as like liquidity sweeps of session highs and of session lows and then all that we're doing is taking trades to the next draw.
So what I like to do is I like to mark out every single session.
Session open.
And then I like to mark out all the session highs and lows.
Okay.
So for this, it would be boom.
Right here.
And this is a perfect example of kind of the stuff that we're looking for.
Okay.
So I'm just going to remove this really quick and show you exactly what I mean and how this works.
So we have this is the start of New York session.
Okay.
New York creates these session lows.
Okay.
We could technically drag this all the way down here if we wanted to.
But I'm just going to drag it out to these lows right here.
Okay.
And then we have these as New York highs.
Okay.
We see – what is this?
Asian session open.
And price isn't really doing much.
It's just kind of bouncing around.
And then it drives into the base of these candles down into – again, we can put a freaking line here.
Again, we can put a freaking line here if we want.
Drives into these session lows and then we see this low key act as a liquidity sweep taking out these lows.
And then we see a five-minute break of structure.
And then from there, where do we see price go up and target previous session highs?
Okay.
So that's pretty much all that I want you guys to gather from this video is identifying how.
And what I want you guys to practice is literally just going in, marking out all these sessions, opens and closes.
Okay.
And we can even see here.
What is this session?
This is London session.
These are London session lows.
Okay.
We come through and we sweep out London session lows.
And then these are technically London session highs, right?
Because what does a high consist of?
A move up and a move down.
If we put on London session highs.
We can see that.
If we were able to catch the bottom of this wick or find an execution within here, we would have hit take profit during this New York session.
And then from there, if we had gone long off of this up to these highs, we would have hit take profit on that as well.
Okay.
Let's see if we can find any more examples of this.
But all that I want you guys to do.
Wait, that should be 20.
Okay.
So where are New York lows?
Right here.
What do we see Asian session do?
We push into New York lows and then where does price drive?
Boom.
Previous New York highs.
Pretty fucking crazy.
And then New York highs get hit.
We come down, sweep London session lows, come back into London session highs.
Okay.
Asian session opens.
What do we do?
We sweep out New York session lows, push into New York session highs.
Okay.
Now we have London session lows right here and London session highs right here.
And it'll be really easy.
And it'll be really interesting to see how this plays out.
Well, honestly, we can circle back to this in the next video.
But what I want you guys to do is just get used to marking out sessions.
Session opens and closes and just seeing how price.
Bruh.
This shit is so fucking hard.
Look at this shit.
Okay.
So we have this as our London session low.
London session high.
New York opens above London session highs.
We drive into London session lows.
Revisit London session highs.
I just want you guys to mark out session opens and see and mark out the highs and lows
on the 30 minute timeframe.
Like I told you guys to and see how often this plays out.
It's not going to happen every single time, but it's bruh.
Did I miss?
Oh yeah.
20.
It's not going to happen every single time.
Right?
Like within here, we don't necessarily see these Asian session lows get hit.
Okay.
And over here, we don't see these New York session lows get hit.
Okay.
But it's relatively consistent where we can use these highs and these lows from market
opens as liquidity sweeps or fucking support and resistance, whatever the fuck you want
to call it for new session opens.
Okay.
So we'll do like one more example of this and just see how it reacts.
Okay.
So right here, this was a failed attempt.
We have London session lows and then London session highs right here.
We drive into these lows.
We get a slight push up.
We don't quite hit these London session highs and then we end up selling off.
So that's an example of where, look, we probably wouldn't have been able to win a trade on
that.
And again, we aren't even talking about executions right now where I really just want you guys
to see how price reacts off of these lows.
So again, we have lows right here.
We've highs up here.
None of those get hit.
Let's see if there's anything else during London session.
And again, this is like three sessions encapsulates like a full day.
Oh, wait.
Yeah.
This is literally perfect.
London session.
Okay.
We've these London session highs right here.
New York session opens, pushes past those highs, and then these would be London session
lows.
Smacks those lows and goes even lower.
Okay.
So what I want you guys to do is just mark out.
These time zones in these timeframes and just see how price reacts off of these 30
minute highs and lows from every single session.
Okay.
Again, it's just the session highs and the session lows on 30 minute timeframe box off
from the base to the high, from the base to the low.
And that's all that I want you guys to do for now.
So we can start getting a feel for how price reacts to these highs and to these lows within
the market.
Cool.
Cool.
Welcome to the fucking Forex transformation.
Bootcamp, whatever you want to call it.
Hopefully you guys enjoyed this first little video.
Again, it was pretty vague, but this is just like the first little start of us getting
into this Forex strategy of us seeing and how we can take trades off of session highs
and session lows pretty much throughout every single session to potentially get literally
three trades a day if you're trading every single session.
So, boom.
You guys know what I mean.
Anyways, Forex strategy creation part two.
Fuck it.
Let's just bang all this.
Let's just fucking gang bang this shit out today.
Gang, bang, sniper gang, all this shit out today, right here, right now, Donkey Kong
style.
You know what I'm saying?
All right.
So as we remember from last time, all that we were doing was just marking out session
opens.
Let me go back to the baby pip shit so I can remember what they are because I only remember
it from ... If you guys remember way back on my old videos, I only did London session
time.
So it's kind of different now that I'm only doing futures.
I'm going to finish up the Forex strategy creation video right the fuck now in this
video.
Who knows how long it's going to take?
Okay.
So Asian session starts at 8, so that would be 20.
Cue that Asian music.
Dong, dong, dong, dong, dong, dong, dong, dong, dong, dong, dong, dong, dong, dong, dong,
dong, dong, dong, dong, dong, and then three for London session and then eight for New
York session.
Literally everything.
I've given you guys literally strategy that I use for futures.
I've given you guys now a fucking Forex strategy.
The strategy for futures works for Forex too.
People in my mastermind have been using the strategy that I taught you guys on futures
for Forex and it's been working great for them.
So literally just find the strategy that works well for you and run with that.
Shit.
But other than that, let's get started in this bitch.
So we'll start off and honestly just get going.
So as you guys remember from last time, the key is to be on the 30 minute timeframe and
all that we're doing is we're marking the highs and lows from every single session with
a little rectangular box.
Okay.
So boom, we put that on boom.
We put that on.
Okay.
All right.
And we see how these areas get respected.
These price ranges get respected.
They either get swept or revisited and respected pretty much all the fucking time.
Let's go ahead and put on this one.
Okay.
And then let's go ahead this one and then this, we didn't really have much fucking
action.
We'll just go ahead and crush this.
Okay.
Okay.
Put this bopper right here, put this lopper topper right here, put, um, I'm actually going
to get rid of this just for, fuck it, we'll, we'll move from here and then we'll get going.
Okay.
Y'all hear me?
Y'all paying attention.
Get ready.
Cause we're trading GBP, Japanese, yes shit.
Yen.
Um, cheese.
Yen.
Yen.
Okay.
So remember we mark out these 30, 30 minute highs and lows from the base of the candle
down to the low and literally, I know it sounds fucking corny, but we typically use these
as just like supporting resistance.
And I know it sounds fucking crazy, but fuck, whose theory was it?
Um, oh my God, I learned this way back in the day, there was some book of some goated
ass trader where he talks about, um,
Um,
how session highs and lows get respected and the price ranges get respected. I forget who it was.
It was like something Williams will something William, whatever. There was a whole lot of book
on it. I read it. It was fucking awesome. And then in turn, I don't know if any, but like,
this is literally just some shit that I fucking crafted myself. Obviously it incorporates
liquidity sweeps in that stuff. But like, I kind of just figured this shit out trading GBP JPY,
um, for a long ass time and it worked really fucking well. So now here it is. I'm giving it
to you guys. So essentially you mark out the highs and lows. You guys already learned that.
And then from there you scale out into the five minute timeframe and you just simply wait for
those hourly highs and lows to get hit. Okay. So we're sorry, not hourly 30 minute. Okay. So
we have both our highs and our lows. We see the high get pushed above and broken above.
Okay. So if we see,
a break above it, we're probably thinking, okay, our next chance to even take a trade on this
is going to be a revisit of the, of the session high. Okay. And this was, uh, Asian or sorry,
London session. Okay. We see price pullback. We don't get back to the high. Okay. We see price
push up and then boom, we get back to the high next. What are we looking for? This is now part
of the strategy. Again, you guys will remember, we're looking for a five minute break of structure.
And then this is actually going to be adding on something that a confluence that I would like to
add to this.
It's,
just like our future trading strategy where we're looking for a five minute break of structure.
When these highs and lows get tested, revisited, or like swept. Okay. We're looking for a break
of structure. And then we're looking for one of our several confluences, either a fair value gap,
equilibrium, order block breaker block. Okay. Anything. Okay. So here, yes. Do we see a break
of structure right here? Absolutely. But do we see this imbalance get filled and moved off of no.
Okay. So
even though we pushed in here, got a break of structure, we don't give a fuck about it. We push
in a little bit deeper and then we get a break of structure again, right here. Do we give a fuck
about this? Yes. What are we looking for? We're looking for an imbalance to get filled. We're
looking for equilibrium. I'm not going to lie. I probably wouldn't have taken this trade just
because it's so high up, but we can see that price ends up boom, pushing in here, pushing out.
And then from there, in terms of targets, it's just like, again, go rewatch any of my take profit
videos.
Okay. We want to see price revisit highs. Okay. So we have highs right here
that gets hit. But again, that would be like a baby food ass, take profit, probably like a
negative risk reward ratio. Okay. So where else can we
example said and done okay so let's delete that now and then let's go into the next session
and we're literally just going to break this down on gbp jpy gbp usd it we can go into gold
and just see how it works okay so next session let's go ahead and mark out these highs from
this was london session highs and let me delete these london session lows for now london session
highs we can go ahead and get rid of these get rid of these london session lows okay what do we
see price do boom we see a push into london session highs okay what are we looking for we're
looking for a break of structure do we see one right here no do we see one right here looks
pretty close let me see the high of this candle was at 191.862 where's the close of this candle
wow literally zero
higher than this high so technically it broke structure okay and then from there we're looking
for a third confluence we have an imbalance right here we don't see it get filled it ends up pushing
down here sweeping out liquidity okay and then pushing higher okay so we do end up getting break
of structure cool or back up again structure was already broken with this again this to me seems a
far gone but we can see that it still would have ended up playing out we see an imbalance right
here price fills it we get a bullish reaction out of it okay you could have entered here and then
in terms of take profits it okay we can start to take profits on these highs any of these
highs over here they would have ended up getting hit during new york session pretty cool
right okay now let's go into the next session mark out the next session highs that was over here okay
so let's see if we can see any of these okay this looks like it's going to be an l for us
these are the lows all the way down here okay so boom we see asian session start again look at the
volume during asian session i wouldn't recommend trading during asian session but it okay
we see price break above so what are we looking for we're looking for a break of structure
okay so these highs we don't get a break we form a new high right here boom we do get a break
okay we don't have a fair value gap but
just to hold myself accountable and say hey we do take losses out here boom we do end up hitting
equilibrium and then reacting off of that to the upside so cool could we long john bomb that
it why not i mean hey we do hit a one-to-one risk to reward ratio before getting stopped out
okay so maybe just maybe you have this as a take profit okay no you would have missed it okay
trying to give myself
the benefit of the doubt this would have been a loser okay because it's asian session
look at this volumes dog okay unless you try unless you're only going for one-to-one risk
reward ratios cool you probably would have smacked smacked that on the ass crack okay
but regardless baby food we got stopped out on that moving on to the next session okay we have
these asian session eyes right here and we have these asian session lows right here we don't see
new york session interact with any of these until london's earth sorry this was london session
all of this was new york session then this was london session we don't see london session
interact with any of these until new york session opens so we can go ahead and get rid of those
and then from there we can go ahead and mark out london or yeah london session lows
this right here okay london session highs are going to be right here
i mean this is like the tiniest wick ever but whatever okay from there scale down into
five minute we wait to see any of these interacted with boom market opens we should see price shit
its pants all the way down to london's london session lows okay what are we looking for
we're looking for breaks of breaking structures okay do we end up getting one right here yes
again super volatile price action but it we're gonna play this out as if we're taking
every single trade possible with this strategy okay obviously you guys are going to be a little
bit smarter let's say we're just like trading robots and we're taking every single
trade with this okay boom we get a break of structure how can we start looking for trades
do we see any imbalances low key we do see this imbalance get filled baby ass imbalance right here
we see it get filled and then boom we see a bullish reaction out of that cool it let's say we
go long off that
it pops underneath the low that it formed out of the imbalance but if you're going for a one-to-one
that would have smacked if you want to target previous session highs would have been a
negative risk reward ratio but it would have hit you can look over here to the left and boom now
we can start using this one okay it's just like all of our other strategies where we target draws
on liquidity okay so even though this is all the way super high we can probably find some sort of
i don't know
bearish uh reaction point over here um that could give us a solid take profit area but it
we'll just put these guys on and we can see holy we could have got a one to three point two
five or five two risk reward ratio all during boom new york session all take profits smacked
we're the best pretty crazy right we're doing pretty good with this so far
okay let's move into the next session
okay what do we got going on we have new york session highs oh damn
i haven't even traded forex in forever and just literally explaining this old forex strategy to
you guys makes me want to trade forex again but no it we're good at indexes lock in
okay i mean you guys know the strategy but we're gonna keep showing you guys why
this works day in and day out literally i just showed you several sessions worth of price action
where we've only lost one trade and dubbed all the other ones, and I'm literally just following
the strategy step by step, plan by plan. You know what I'm saying? Okay, but anyways, why did I delete
that? Boom, New York session highs, blick work. New York session lows are all the way the fuck down
here, or no, that's not going to be the low. This is going to be the low. Boom, Asian persuasion
starts. We actually have a lot of volume on this. Okay, boom. We see price. Break structure to the
upside. Okay, once we get above this, again, the goal is it's not, right, we're looking for two
things, either for this to sweep price, so boom, when we get above here, or just within here,
we're like horny for lows. Okay, we're looking at lows, but then boom, we get above it, and then
boom, we're tapping back into that shit.
So, it just flips. Okay, we see a break of structure here.
Okay, you could literally just wait for a 30-minute closure above, which would have happened
right here. So, within this candle, my guess is it was on this one. Okay, so boom, we get a break
of structure to the upside. It was already bullish anyways. Okay, we have several fair value gaps.
Fair value gap right here, gets disrespected with closures underneath it. Where's the next one?
We have another one right here. Okay, boom, we see price push into it. We have another fair value
gap down here. We also could have drawn on equilibrium from these lows up to these highs.
Smack work with a closure above equilibrium, closure out of this fair value gap, long john
bomb this baby. Boom, we don't even need that deep of a stop loss. Could have put it literally
underneath this candle right here, or fuck it, if you want to get super shicey, you could put it
underneath these lows. Whatever works best for you.
And from there, damn, come on now, give me some, give me something to play with. Literally nothing
to play with. Fuck it, we're using Fibonacci levels at this point. Fib work. Okay, take profit
one, take profit two, take profit three, take profit four, smack work, all during Asian session,
Asian persuasion. You know what I'm saying? Come on now, I'm getting all these Forex traders right.
Okay, moving forward, Asian session happens. Okay, boom, we have these as, what is this? Asian session
highs, or fuck, that's not Asian session highs. These are Asian session highs right here.
Something that you guys need to be good about is noticing that this candle right here is a part
of London session, and this candle right here is a part of Asian session. So if we form a high,
you guys have to understand on this line, it's not part of Asian session. Okay. So this is going
to be Asian session highs. Okay. And there was another example of this over here. Yeah. So like
right here, for example, if we're let's fuck it. Let's say that this candles wick is damn. Come on
now. Say that this candles wick was all the way down here. You're probably thinking, oh, during
this London session, these are the London session lows. No, because this candle is a part of New
York session. So these are the London session lows. Something to keep in mind. Okay. So anyways,
these are the Asian session highs and these are the Asian session lows. Okay. So London session
opens. Let's pop over to the five minutes. See if we get any interaction with these levels.
We don't get any interaction.
With them until New York session starts. But by then we get rid of these for the new sessions.
Okay. So boom from there, what are we looking for? We can mark out London session highs.
Now this can be London sessions low because we formed the move down during London session and
then the move up during London session. Does that make sense? Hopefully London session lows. Okay.
Boom. Price blitz pass all of this shit. Do we get a
reaction? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
You want to retest of it right here? And a break of structure? Fuck it. Sure. Let's say that
we get a break of structure, we get a fair value gap filled just so I can show you guys that like fuck
it. If you guys were to follow this shit, brick by brick, step by fucking step there is losses
involved. Okay. So boom, this would've been a fucking loss. Now, I think we're in current
fucking day. But anyways, pretty fucking solid. We dubbed literally every single trade,
except for that one that we just took
and then that Asian persuasion sideways session.
And that one that we just took,
it should have been relatively obvious
that we're not trying to take that,
especially with, again, like market intuition
and just obvious market,
I don't want to say bias,
but day trading mind would tell you that,
hey, we're in a pretty fucking obvious uptrend.
Let's try not to take shorts.
But if you're just following this strategy
step by fucking step,
you would have dubbed,
I don't even know how many trades we just took,
like out of six, you won four and you lost two,
pretty fucking solid.
And all the wins were much higher
than a one-to-one risk reward.
Okay, now let's do this shit on GBP JP,
or sorry, GBP USB.
And let's see if it works as well.
Fuck here, this is what I'm just going to do.
Okay, and then we're going to change this to eight.
So we don't really care about the sessions.
Session closes.
We really just can't.
We don't care about, cool, actually, wait,
this can be back to 17.
All right, bet.
Let's get into this.
Fuck it, let's start right here, okay?
So this is New York session.
Okay, so previous session, it was London session.
Okay, we can see that New York doesn't interact
with any of London sessions.
Any of London sessions, highs or lows,
the highs are right here,
and the lows are actually still right here
because we can see that this low was formed.
This move up was formed during New York session,
so we don't really care about that.
Moving on, New York session lows are going to be right here.
New York session highs are going to be right here.
Again, Asian session does not tap into any of this.
Asian session, no action.
We have these Asian session highs,
and these Asian session lows.
Okay, so we can see London session opens.
We break it down.
We break above that.
We'll see if we get anything going on within here, okay?
Once we break above here on the 30-minute,
okay, we're looking for price to revisit it, okay?
So all that we would look for would be where are we at?
Waiting for this candle to close above,
and then it's like, okay, bet, we're just going to flip this bitch.
So once we say, okay, bet, we're looking to flip this bitch,
what are we looking for?
We're looking for a break of structure to the upside.
We're monitoring highs, okay, this high, this high.
Boom, we get a break, turned on, boom.
Fair value gap, boom, destroyed.
We end up coming back down, sweeping out these lows.
We're looking for breaks, okay?
We get a break right here, still nothing out of that.
We push lower.
We get a break right here, literally nothing out of this, okay?
No opportunity.
I would have loved to catch this move up,
but we didn't see anything out of it.
Moving on.
Fuck, I don't know where we were.
Right here, okay?
Now, it looks like we're going to have to move up.
We're going to actually get a good trade out of this.
London session highs, London session lows, okay?
New York session already opens with a closure above this,
so we're looking to flip it.
Why?
This price is fucking volatile.
It's fucking GBP in these past couple days.
Okay, we see price revisit this area.
We're monitoring highs.
Highs right here, nothing.
Highs right here, nothing.
Highs right here.
Boom, we get a break.
Cool.
We have an imbalance right here.
I mean, shit, just for fucking doing the strategy 24-7 sake,
we'll fucking take it.
Long off this shit, cool.
If you put your stops right under here,
one-to-one risk-reward ratio, you're smacking it.
I mean, shit, if you want to put on this,
it wouldn't have got hit.
Even this high wouldn't have got hit.
So, really just depends on where you're taking it.
Take profit was and where your stop loss was on this.
You know, maybe you catch this quick little move up.
Honestly, I'm guessing that this would have been an L.
Okay, so first trade on GBPUSD with this L work.
Next trading session.
We are moving into Asian session.
We have New York session highs right here.
New York session lows all the way down here.
Okay, Asian session.
We close above it right here.
So we're looking to get action out of that.
Cool.
We get a break of structure, fill this fair value gap.
Looks like another fucking stop out on this.
Okay, boom.
Let's say we put it right underneath here.
Again.
Damn, that's a tiny ass fucking stop loss.
It's literally a one pip stop loss.
That shit ain't going to be fucking real.
I mean that just goes to show like how low volume Asian session is.
Fuck it.
Let's say our stop is underneath this shit.
Hey man, one-to-one risk-reward.
Who knows depending on your fucking stop loss could have potentially been
hit.
Okay.
Again, we don't really have much to work with over here besides these
highs.
So again looking like another L on this strategy from GBPUSD.
Not looking as hot as GBP
JPY so far soon.
I'm predicting Vengeance.
Again.
This is literally just happening off the fucking dome me recording this
shit.
Okay, moving into London session.
I can already tell we have Asian session highs right here.
Asian session lows.
London.
Doesn't interact with those moving on.
We have London session lows right here.
And then we have London session highs right here.
Okay, so we get a break up above this and then from there.
We're looking for price to tap back into it.
But then boom immediate destruction to the downside way underneath this
no breaks the upside boom not many trades to be taking take not many
trades to be taken on this so far.
Okay.
Moving on.
We have New York session highs right here.
New York session lows all the way down here.
It's going to be nothing nothing to work with Asian session closes well
above this.
Maybe we get a tap back into it.
Nothing.
Okay, nothing during Asian session moving forward.
Not many trades to be taken on this.
We have Asian session highs right here Asian session lows all the way
down here during London session again.
We don't get much action on that.
We don't interact with any of those now.
We have London session highs London session lows going to New York
New York.
I mean we can see how this respects London session highs like damn near
perfectly.
We get a break for structure to the downside.
I don't really see any sort of confluences that get filled.
We have this imbalance up here, but we don't see that get filled.
We see a break of structure, but we need to wait for that next confluence.
No equilibrium.
No breaker block nothing price continues down for a little bit more so
we can see that price respected this session high but not much came out
of that and then we're back to this shit.
So honestly not much work.
Let's try and move move over a little bit more so we can get more
examples to see if we can actually show this working.
Okay, here's a good example of this shit.
Okay, we have London session highs right here and then we also have
London session lows right here.
This had to have been on some crazy-ass news because we see wicks wicks,
but we'll see.
Okay, so boom from here.
We get a break of structure to the upside.
We're looking for some sort of confluence, but by the time we try and
get a confluence.
We've already reached these highs.
So from there, we're like, okay, fuck it.
Let's see if we respect these highs to the downside.
Okay, we end up getting a break of structure to the downside right here.
Now we can actually look for shorts off of this because we respected these
highs.
Okay.
So we go from.
Okay, first of all break structure right here from these highs down to these
lows.
We hit this.
We respect it.
Boom short work off of this.
Boom.
You can put the stop above equilibrium.
Okay, and then you can either Target previous lows made during New York
session one to three risk-reward ratio pretty fucking fire or literally just
previous London lows one to 1.5 risk-reward ratio pretty fire previous
Asian session lows.
All of these would have gotten smacked.
Cool.
Let's see.
This isn't.
Oh wait.
This was the example that we just showed.
We have New York lows right here.
New York highs right here.
Asian session just kind of consolidates against that this we get a closure above,
but then boom break back below not much.
There whole bunch of volatility from FX in this.
I mean, this is a pretty good example.
But this looks like a news collapse, but boom London session highs.
Okay, we push into that odds are we probably get a break.
Boom.
Obviously, I mean shit.
We do fill part of this fair value gap and then boom fuck it short work off
of that.
But price continues lower, but shit, you know, this was definitely a news
candle.
Let's pull up gold.
So if I remember correctly, this works pretty fucking well with gold.
And oh baby.
Look at this.
The first shit that we just get into.
First of all, we have London session lows right here.
And London session highs right here.
And we can literally Blick work two trades during New York session off of
this allegedly.
Okay, so we've London session lows right here.
Oh my God.
Hell yeah.
Look at this shit again.
I know this is like relatively fucking cherry picking but we did a bunch of
bat testing on this already.
Okay, and we're 35 minutes deep.
But you guys get the fucking point.
Now.
Okay, we push into London session lows.
We get a break the structure of the upside on the five minute.
Okay, actually not not much of a fair value gap here.
So actually this wouldn't have been a trade that I could take no
equilibrium.
Oh, hey, we have the breaker right here.
Actually dub work.
Okay, we push into the breaker bullish interaction off that long John
Silver's that Blick work.
Okay, you can either put the stops underneath these lows that we made
underneath the breaker regardless.
We push back into London session highs TP smack work whether it's a one-to-one
risk-reward ratio or at least just to these London session highs dub
nonetheless.
Okay.
Now, let's see how we can back and flip this shit to well, I almost said
something crazy.
Let's see if we can flip this shit on its ass and get something back down
to the back end.
Okay, looks like we might have getting might be getting stopped out here,
but still we're seeing the concepts be respectful.
Okay.
So from here we see push into London session highs.
We get a break of structure right here.
Boom.
We get equilibrium tapped in bearish reaction out of that shit.
Boom stops either above these highs above these highs regardless.
It looks like we're going to get stopped out by this but we can still
see potential.
For a secondary action trade.
If we see this shit not breaking bet.
We just won one trade.
We lost another one.
Let's see.
And first of all, this trade is going to cover the one that we just lost.
This was like minimum one-to-one.
Okay, so let's fuck it.
Let's just say that we're break even on this shit so far on the two trades
that we've been able to take.
Okay, we're able to take another one of this.
Okay, because we have this as the breaker boom this entire move down
prior to the break of structure.
Hell, yeah pinky toe tap work into this with the break of structure
bearish reaction out that bitch.
Boom short.
You can either put your stops above these highs above this fair
value gap just in case you think that's going to get tapped into
regardless smack work on previous New York lows smack work on
previous Asian session lows smack work on all of these lows smack
work smack work smack work.
Dubbing that shit.
No, I'm saying three trades that were that we were able to take.
During New York session to turned into dubs one turned into an L.
Let's see if we can make anything else happen after off of this shit.
Wow, just got I need some fucking and I need some water.
I need water.
Let's see if we can get any anything else off this shit.
I mean fuck this works great.
We have.
London session highs right here.
London session lows right here again.
This could be a back-to-back flipper just depends on what price does on
the five-minute.
Okay, so this looks like it's going to be one L than one dub.
So we see boom price pushes into this.
We get a break of structure right here.
Okay, we push into this breaker.
We get a bearish reaction out of that.
Cool short stops either above here stops either above this fuck it.
Maybe even above the sweep regardless.
We're going to get stopped out without hitting any take.
Profits, but then what do we do?
We push into the lows of London session.
Okay, then again, we can flip this shit on it flip this shit on its ass.
Okay, we get a break of structure on the five-minute right here.
We can look for equilibrium.
Okay, we have this up candles the breaker.
Don't think it gets tapped into but regardless we have this as an imbalance.
We see price push into this imbalance bullish reaction out of that bitch.
Boom longs off of it.
If you put your stop-loss underneath right underneath these lows,
you would have been stopped out.
If you put your stop-loss underneath fair value gap, you're good to go.
If you put your stop-loss underneath these lows, you're good to go.
Okay, take profit set on these highs smack work.
Price ends up ripping all of New York session.
If you put your stop-loss underneath this fair value gap smack work on these
previous New York highs.
Use the highs and lows.
Of these sessions to your advantage.
If you are trading Forex, they are definitely by far like in my eyes the
best confluence to use.
I mean look this is another great example.
We have London session lows right here spotted this shit out the corner
of my eye New York session opens plunge work down into London London
session lows rips back up takes out all these highs baby food.
If you ask me, I mean we can see price.
We have these as Asian session lows right here and then we have these as
Asian session highs right here.
You could Loki say that price came in here push back up into London session
highs highs and lows lows of these sessions are really really fucking
valuable use them to your advantage.
Honestly, I like marking the shit out with little lines on my chart.
So my chart doesn't look like somebody threw up on it, but regardless
Forex strategy video.
Brain dump delivered.
Boom.
Happy fucking birthday.
Shit man.
That was a lot of info long-ass video today.
Looking to dump a shit ton of information on you guys.
Just like I did last summer with the boot camp.
I fucking love you guys.
I'll catch you guys in the next one.
Peace out my fucking people.
So now hopefully you guys are able to build off the fundamentals the confluences
and now you guys have a strategy that is helping you guys make highly probable decisions within the
markets on a daily basis within these next couple videos.
We're going to delve a little bit deeper onto again when we should be taking
action with this strategy where we should be taking action when we should be
avoiding certain scenarios and then also how you guys can actually leverage
these new skills and new confluences strategy that you've learned to actually
turn you guys profitable within the markets because it's one thing to understand
confluences and understand strategy, but it's another thing on how to actually
genuinely generate money from this new knowledge and this new skill and that's something
that I struggled with.
That's something that a lot of students of mine struggle with and a really good example
of this is somebody that recently went through the blueprint and was able to make literally
over a hundred thousand dollars from being able to put together these fundamentals confluences
and strategy all together in one but they were still struggling with being able to understand
like when they should be placing these trades or how they should be going about structuring
their risk management.
How they should be structuring their psychology and then once they came into the blueprint
once they were able to get these mistakes smoothed over because right now at the start of this video,
you guys had a big-ass boat and there was massive holes in that boat and within this video,
we've been able to clog those massive holes,
but there's still probably little holes in your guys's boat that you guys are still slowly
but surely sinking down causing you guys to be unprofitable and that's okay.
And maybe throughout the rest of this video were able to clog up those holes.
And if that's the case awesome my job here is finished.
But if you guys are unable to
clog up those holes on your own,
that's where a coach and a mentor is going to help you guys significantly.
We're going to be able to get in there reshift your guys's headspace
and shift your guys's mindset to be able to become a profitable Trader shift
and change your guys's risk management plan shift and change at what times
and how you guys are actually going about taking these trades
so that you guys can again skip over these mistakes that are slowly
but surely dragging you guys down and causing your boat to sink.
But by us being in your position before as unprofitable Traders that have now turned profitable.
We know all these mistakes that we made in the past that you guys are making right now.
So we're going to be able to smooth over all of these things
and get in there and actually be able to break down.
Hey, you guys are still making this mistake.
Hey, you guys probably shouldn't be trading at this time.
Hey, you guys should probably be avoiding trading high-impact news.
These are things that are going to drastically affect your guys's win rate your guys's risk
to reward and your guys's chances of turning profitable day trading is a very difficult skill
that needs to be put super high up on a pedestal.
Okay, it's a very high leverage skill and in order to learn.
These high leverage skills you guys are going to have to make consistent mistakes.
And again, the goal is to make a mistake once never make it again.
And that's what causes growth.
But one of the issues of being an unprofitable Trader
and one of the issues with these types of education videos that we're putting out is
we can't get in there and personally address the issues
and the questions that you guys have that may be sinking your guys's boat.
So that's what we do for students within the blueprint.
So again, if you guys want access to that you guys can click the link down in the description
so that I can actually help you guys personally with some mistakes that you guys are making.
That you guys aren't necessarily getting answers to within this video.
But with that being said now that we know the base fundamentals the confluences
and how to put it together with strategy these next couple videos.
We're going to go into depth on how we can potentially turn all of that around
and help you guys become profitable how you guys can put all of these things together
and again structure a strategy around it structure a risk management plan structure your headspace
so that we can again put these pieces together and lead you guys towards the path to profitability.
So with that being said let's jump straight into it.
We live in probably the easiest generation
or the easiest time to make a lot of money,
but we also live in the generation where it's the easiest to be lazy.
So if you think about like even 10 years ago
or even five years ago bro,
like let's think about crypto five years ago.
There wasn't like crypto Twitter.
There wasn't like YouTube videos talking about
like the best altcoins or like explaining crypto.
If we even think about trading 10 years ago,
there was not like anything on YouTube talking about this kind of stuff
and helping you guys for free like this video to be successful
and you think about those people that ended up being successful
in their in that time like 10 years ago or five years ago within those spaces
and you're thinking well,
oh they just got lucky
or they you know,
like there you come up with some excuse for why they were able to get to where they're at
and it's like no if anything their route to being where they're
at was infinitely harder than you guys
because now you guys have literally an influencer
or an educator on every single subject to be able to be successful
and it's like holy shit if that doesn't just go to show how lazy
and how complacent this entire generation has
become and how short of a short little dopamine ridden fucking mindsets
that most people have nowadays.
I don't know what does because it's like bro.
You have someone like me.
You have literally every other trading influencer teaching you guys how to trade
and the only thing that's stopping you guys from being successful is yourself.
You guys are just too lazy and you don't see things in the long term
and I've made this video a bunch of times talking about.
You guys got to see the shit in the long term.
This shit isn't going to happen in a day.
It's not going to happen in a month.
You know, maybe it'll happen in a company couple years.
I saw this video of Jinxy that freaking Twitch streamer
and you know the dude that's always bugging out whatever I saw video.
He has been streaming for five years
and he just caught his big break.
There was something like three years straight where like he consistently only had two views.
Like imagine that that's that's what you have to be doing.
That's like the delusion
and the consistency that you have to have in order to genuinely be successful
because he was willing he knew what he wanted to do
and he just kept doing it over and over and over
and over for years without seeing any results
because he saw the end game.
He knew hey,
if I work my ass,
off for literally years doing this,
there is bound to be a result
and I promise you in any other skill
and anything including trading including crypto recruiting including business.
If that is how you guys think if you guys just think
if I consistently work my ass off day in
and day out without even expecting the result at a certain time,
like a lot of you guys are like I'm going to turn profitable in a couple months.
I'm going to get funded and like shut the fuck up bro.
You guys,
that's what's causing you guys to never be profitable.
That's what that's what's causing you guys to never be successful
because when that time comes and you're not successful
and you don't see the result you fucking give up
or you do some stupid shit that sets you guys back
and resets your consistency that you guys have been working on this entire time.
So why not just do the shit that you fucking love
and be consistent with it and work towards it
and just know I'm willing to do this shit.
For however long it takes until I'm successful
and I guarantee you without a doubt in my freaking mind
that if you guys do that if you guys just like just do it consistently
for ever you are going to get to that goal in anything in any skill.
Like if like let's think about trading you guys are just like I'm going to trade every single day
until I get
like really fucking good at it.
No matter the time frame,
no matter how long it takes I'm going to trade until I'm really fucking good at it.
Like you already know what's going to happen.
You're going to trade until you get really fucking good at it.
The problem with you guys is you guys expect that shit to happen in like two days or two months.
Again, you guys need to be thinking about shit in like decades
or within like five-year time spans.
Like think about how are the things that I'm doing day in and day out going to affect me.
Five years from now and believe it or not like the results will come sooner than five years,
but you have to start thinking about it in those five-year time frames in order to start being successful.
So that's my Monday motivation for you guys pretty much saying that the majority you guys are really fucking lazy.
The majority of people who made it in the fields that you guys really want to make it in ten
and five years ago had to go through a lot harder things
and had way less resources for them to be successful.
And we're living in a generation where it's probably the easiest ever to make a lot of money.
It is literally the money's already been printed.
You just got to go fucking get it.
Like that's as simple as I can fucking put it.
Like it's really fucking sad seeing how lazy this generation is
and like how many excuses y'all come up with when it's like bro ten years ago.
This shit was not even ever happening.
Like there was not nearly as much resources.
There wasn't nearly as much content or aid that you guys have in order to turn successful
and you guys are still coming up with excuses for why you guys aren't successful.
It's pretty sad.
But anyways, here's a little freaking AP ski.
All right, get you guys motivated.
Let's go today.
It is going to be more of a psychology esque of a video.
Okay, where I'm mainly just going to be talking to y'all about some mindset shit
that will hopefully change the game for you guys in terms of trading.
Now that you guys have like a overall relatively solid strategy
that can help you have an egg within the market.
I want to kind of circle back on some of the earlier videos within this again.
Keep in mind what our overall goal is with trading.
So this is kind of just going to be a yap attack.
Strap in, lock the fucking leg up.
All right, so I'm just going to go over I guess like main top five tips that can help
you turn into a profitable trader.
That's probably going to be the title of this.
We'll go with number one and that's just going to be having a long-term vision.
You guys have to understand that trading is not a get-rich-quick scheme.
And if you guys think that you are going to let me circle back.
Trading is not a get-rich-quick scheme.
You guys convince yourselves.
That trading is going to get you rich quick.
Sometimes there's people within the space that can make you think
or just certain videos within just the day trading niche that can make you think
that day trading as itself is a get-rich-quick type of scenario,
but it's not okay.
And I'm here to tell you it definitely is not.
Day trading is a skill and we'll talk about that a little bit later.
Okay, so you guys need to have a long-term vision on this.
You can't think I'm going to get into day trading and within
the next month.
I'll be making a hundred thousand dollars in a month or oh,
I'm going to make a hundred thousand dollars in a week or oh,
day trading is going to help me pay off all my bills.
That's not going to be the case.
Odds are you guys are going to lose money consistently from day
trading from crypto from really any financial market that you try
and get into in the first place for the first one to two years.
And if we think about that on a skill stance point, it makes complete
sense.
Like let's say I try and pick up.
Playing freaking basketball today and I've never played basketball in
my entire life and the first month.
Am I going to be really good at basketball?
No, I'm going to fucking suck and the first year.
Am I going to be really good at basketball will not necessarily will
I know all the basics will I know some of them like, you know, the
majority of the moves.
Yeah.
Will I be able to hit shots, you know, relatively consistent consistently.
Yeah, but will people see me on the court and be like, he's a really
good basketball player.
No.
And again,
what comes with that is that that year takes a lot of time and a lot
of effort for me to even get to that point.
Okay.
And then on top of that, what happens if I add another year of lots of
hard work, lots of consistency working on and off the court, focusing
on my game, then by year two, I'll probably be a overall relatively
good basketball player.
Okay.
So we need to think about trading in the same way.
We need to understand that.
Look in order for us to get good at trading and to get good at the
skill of knowing where price wants to go every single day, because
that's what trading is.
Trading isn't about making money.
It's about predicting where price wants to go every single day.
And that's where a lot of people get their shit flipped and we'll talk
about that even more later on.
Okay, but for the time being tip number one is have a long-term vision.
Understand that day trading is not going to get you out of your debts.
Day trading is not going to get you rich quick.
You need to see day trading in the long-term vision say look if I can
put my head down and focus on this skill that's going to take several
years to learn.
But when I do learn it, I have the biggest edge within the market and I
have one of the biggest edges as a human to be able to predict where
financial markets want to go and in turn, what is a awesome reward that
comes with that a shit ton of money because we're able to actually like
place bets or actually put money on these predictions that we've trained
so long and hard for that's where the reward comes from.
Okay, it's not just trying to make money.
It's trying to understand how price moves.
Okay, so that would be step one step number two.
It's going to be hard work and consistency.
Okay, so and also doing the right work.
Okay, so hard work consistency and then doing the right work consistently
and hard pause.
No diddy-bopper, but you guys get what I'm saying.
Okay, first of all, we know what we want to do.
We want to be able to predict.
Price action.
We want to be able to predict where price is going to go pretty much
every day, every hour of the day, every second of the day, 24-7, 365.
Are we ever going to get to that point?
Probably not, but we'll if we put in enough time and put in enough
effort, can we potentially get to that point?
Yes.
Okay, so we want to keep that in mind.
All right, so we have to work our fucking ass off to even get an
attain that skill.
Again, we need to think of day trading as a skill of being able to predict
where price wants to go day in and day out.
So what comes along with that?
We can't just watch a five-minute YouTube video and then boom, we're
going to be profitable or we'll be able to predict where the market goes.
No, it's going to take a lot of time and it's going to take lots of hours
on the chart.
It's going to take lots of hours and repetitions.
There's that famous Kobe quote or whatever that book like 10 10,000 hour
rule where in order to be a master.
At something you have to put 10,000 hours worth of work and practice
into your craft.
Okay, the same thing applies to trading.
If you want to be a master at trading, you have to put 10,000 hours in.
Okay, get your fucking hours in and how do you get your hours in?
It's by literally just sitting your ass down and fucking grinding bro.
So that's step one hard work.
Okay, and then on top of that, it's going to be consistency.
Let's say one day you're just like I really want to do trading and you're
just like super sporadic and you spend 10 hours in one day.
Studying and grinding trading and then boom the next month you try and
trade but you're not studying and you're not, you know, like continuing to
learn and work on your craft.
Then what happens?
You know, you only spent 10 hours working on the skill and then you wasted
an entire month of just fucking squandering it trying to get rich quick.
Okay, so we need consistency with our learning of the skill.
Okay.
And then last within the second tip is going to be consistency and hard
work on the right things.
Okay, so you guys need to understand that studying trying to learn 10,000
different strategies and spending an hour on each one of those 10,000
strategies is not going to turn you profitable within the market.
You want to be really good at mainly just three things within trading.
We want to simplify our skill set within trading.
What does trading what really makes up trading?
Let's think about all the successful all the profitable Traders that you guys
could ever think of.
What are the main three things that they say discriminates them?
Well, pause no racial, but you know what I'm saying?
What are the three things that causes a profitable Trader to be different than
an unprofitable Trader?
What do most people say?
They say their psychology is on another level.
They're able to perform robotically throughout the market.
So boom.
You can spend a portion of your 10,000 hours fixing your mindset
fixing your headspace making sure that your robotic within the market
making sure that your emotions are no longer attached to your trades.
Boom psychology next risk management.
Okay, there's a lot more to risk management and I've explained to the
this to my mastermind students.
There's a lot more to risk management than just oh risk one percent per
trade and stick your stop-loss and six-year take profit.
There's a lot of analytics and data that goes into that and fuck it.
Maybe I make a fucking YouTube video.
That and added to the trading transformation talking about risk management
and how you can look at your percentages like your win rate percentage how you
can look at your risk or reward and then how that goes into profitability
and spend some of your 10,000 hours studying your risk reward.
How can I get a better risk reward studying your win rate?
How can I get a better win rate?
How can I avoid losers?
And how can I consistently pick winners?
Okay, and then boom grow from there and then third last and finally what is
another thing that makes us a successful day Trader is our edge within the market.
And that's strategy.
Okay, so spending 10,000 hours on just strategy purely dedicating time to just
candlesticks moving up and down within the market.
Yeah, that's going to give you part of the edge.
But on top of that we need to be studying our mindset and we need to be studying
our risk management in order to in order to be a fully profitable Trader because
what happens if we know where price wants to go but we suck at risk management
one trade can wipe us out, right?
If we know exactly where price is going to go, but we risk
100% of our portfolio every single trade and we know that not every single day Trader
is going to have a 100% win rate that person eventually is going to get wiped out.
What happens if we have good risk management and we have a good edge within the market,
but we can't keep our emotions under control.
So we keep cutting off our winners too early.
We don't let our winners ride to take profit and we keep cutting off our losers too
early.
So sometimes price might get down and you're like, oh no, I'm too scared back cancel.
And then boom you end up losing a trade that would have ended up being a winner.
That's why we need to fix our mental.
So boom that's tip to work hard work consistently and work on the right things.
Okay, and I just went in super crazy detail about some of the right things that you guys can work on.
Okay, this is literally off the dome piece.
Just trying to give you guys some extra information and just some fucking tips and tricks, bro.
I want you guys to be fucking profitable.
You guys are my dolls.
Let's go into tip number three.
Treat this shit like a fucking job, bro.
A lot of people.
I mean look a lot of people like to come at me on the internet saying TJR doesn't take trading seriously TJR.
He teaches this shit like it's fun and fucking games.
He teaches this shit like it's a like, oh like they don't need to be taking it seriously.
That's not true.
That's not true at all.
Okay, there's a difference between having fun with your work and treating your work.
Like it's not a fucking job when if you guys think about me trading when I'm trading am I just
goofily like saying what if I went long here and clicked by with no stop-loss no take profit.
Would I ever do that?
No, would I ever full port on news?
No.
Do I execute with good risk management good mentality with an edge within the market every single time that I place a trade?
Yes.
Yes.
Do I like to make you guys actually enjoy fucking trading because we should all be enjoying our work.
Treat trading like a fucking job and then we'll we'll whoa.
Jeez.
I didn't even mean to do that.
That was crazy.
But treat trading like a job, but there's no problem having fun within your job.
A lot of people are like yeah, you need to make trading fucking if you're like
look.
Trading and honestly all of work is a skill, right?
Most skills can be kind of gamified me personally trading is one of the best games ever when I play basketball.
I'm having fucking fun.
I'm talking shit.
I'm laughing in my opponents faces when I hit a fucking crazy move.
I'm celebrating.
Trading is no fucking different.
I know there's a difference between me being like super lit after getting a win.
And like just you know, like just being like hell.
Yeah fucking cop the dub versus like actually being emotional about it.
You guys have to identify the difference between the two.
I don't give a fuck if I win or if I lose within the market because I understand my risk going into every single trade.
That's what good traders do just because I say hell.
Yeah, I fucking want to trade.
That's fucking awesome.
I'm not celebrating because of the money.
That's the difference.
I'm celebrating because we did a good fucking job within the market and I'm not fucking crying and beating my fucking ass.
And oh well when I just lost this this amount of money.
No when I miss a fucking big shot in basketball.
Am I really fucking upset about it?
Yeah, but what does that make me do?
It makes me want to practice and motivates me to work even harder to be able to make those shots.
It's the same thing.
In trading.
If I lose a trade, I get fucking pissed off.
Am I pissed off about the money though?
Hell no.
I'm pissed off that I wasn't good enough at trading to know that that was a bad trade to take.
So what do I do?
I go back into the charts and I figure out what the fuck I did wrong.
Okay, if you aren't having fun doing your fucking work, then why the fuck are you doing it as a job?
Like genuinely find your fucking passion.
I this is like most people see me as a fucking cool guy.
I'm a fucking geek when it comes to this shit.
I like bro.
I love seeing the fucking numbers.
I love seeing the candlesticks.
I fucking love this shit.
Okay, and if you guys don't love trading for what it is, which is predicting where price wants to go on a daily fucking basis.
I love being right this market helps literally gives me the gives me the opportunity to be right and to prove 99% of people wrong on a daily fucking basis because 99% of traders are going to be losing every single day.
And if I'm able to be.
1% of those people that's right that fills me with fucking joy and I love the competitiveness about it.
Did I say anything that involves money when talking about why I like trading in that sentence?
No, if you guys are getting into trading for the fucking money, you guys are getting into it for the wrong reason.
You need to actually be trading because you truly love being right within the market being able to predict where the market goes.
And if that's not you, then you should just get the fuck out of training.
Love your work.
And if you love your work, you'll be able to work forever.
That's like my fucking motto.
You got to be able to love what you do.
Number four.
We need to treat trading like a fucking skill.
Okay, and if we don't treat trading like a skill, then we'll never get good at it again.
This kind of merges into you guys getting into trading for the wrong reasons.
Okay.
First of all, we have to understand that we are going to suck at trading at first just because we watch a strategy video and the strategy Doug.
Doesn't wow.
Greeks doesn't work for us.
Doesn't mean that the strategy doesn't fucking work.
Maybe it's because you've only spent five minutes watching a YouTube video and then you risked live fucking funds and you've never taken a trade with that strategy in your entire life.
And you haven't even put any single time into backtesting it in any fucking time into working and grinding on that edge within the market.
You ever thought about that?
You ever thought about why those strategies?
That you watch a five-minute YouTube video on and then go and try and figure them out and try and trade with your funded account on it because it's the oh this strategy will help you pass your funding to count in two fucking days.
You guys got to understand.
First of all strategy isn't necessarily what turns us profitable.
We just have to have a edge within the market.
So if we think about all profitable Traders in the world, okay, most people have different strategies than others, right?
There's a bunch of different profitable Traders in the world.
And all of them have different strategies than a bunch of a bunch of other profitable Traders.
There's no right way to fucking trade.
Okay, so stop getting in TikTok comment sections and YouTube comment section saying you don't know what you're talking about.
If he's profitable, he's fucking profitable and you're still unprofitable.
So shut the fuck up.
Okay.
And moving on from that we have to treat trading like a fucking skill.
So we're going to suck dick at it.
Still doesn't sit right.
We're going to suck at the day trading skill.
Okay, and we have to understand that and we have to understand that skills get built over time with
hard work consistency consistently doing the right up the right work hard again pause and we have to understand
that we're looking to build the skill of predicting where price wants to go not focus on making money
within the market because if we go into the market thinking how can I make the most amount of money?
Today, what is that going to cause us to do when it comes to trading?
It's causing it's going to cause us to take a trade on every single pair and it's going to cause us to over leverage on every single pair.
That's short-term thinking because we get into the market and we think how can I make the most amount of money today?
Versus if we think how can I learn how to predict price action?
So that over a course of a long period of time over the course of my entire fucking life.
Will I be able to make a significant amount of money?
Over a long period of time because of this skill.
That's what you guys should be focused on getting into the market focus on the skill set not the money that comes with the skill.
If we think like LeBron just dropped one of the hardest quotes ever talking about this.
He said a lot of the young rookies are coming in coming into the fucking League and coming into the game
and they're focused on the wrong things.
They're focused on the fucking watches.
They're focused on the cars.
They're focused on the chains and he said.
Focus on the game and all of that will come with it.
It's the same with literally any fucking job focus on the fucking game.
Focus on the skill set and the money is just the best fucking side effect that comes with that.
Okay, so boom that's for okay.
Boom.
This is going to be the last one how to be profitable day trader.
Don't you need to put all your eggs in one basket when learning a skill for the first time.
Okay, this is kind of applicable to every fucking side hustle ever.
If you try if you're trying to learn day trading dropshipping Amazon FBA TikTok shop and fucking I don't even know some other bullshit.
You are spreading yourself way too thin and you're pretty much allocating a fifth of the time to all five of those skills.
When you could just be allocating a hundred percent of your time to one single skill.
So again, a lot of people get into day trading for the money.
You guys are probably trying to do a bunch of other side hustles for the money.
Look at all those side hustles and you know, hey all these side hustles.
They will make me a lot of money if I dedicate a shit ton of time to them, but I can't be doing all of them at once.
So what do you need to do choose the one that you like the best because that's what you're going to succeed most with.
That's what you're going to be able to do the most amount of work with everyone likes to pull up that thing that says,
oh millionaires have fucking seven streams of income.
So I'm going to start off when I'm fucking broken shit doing eight different things.
And I'm going to have a bunch of different streams of income fucking idiots, bro.
This is how it actually works.
You start off and you have one single cup and you pour your heart and fucking soul and a hundred percent of your skills and effort and work and consistency into that cup until that cup turns into a fucking well-oiled machine when it starts.
It's going to be like Google to be able to fill up and you're just going to be fucking shaking your hand to be able to fill that cup up.
But then eventually that cup is going to be steadily flowing with a bunch of fucking water and a bunch of fucking cash.
And you're going.
To know how to do it.
You're going to have teams that are going to be doing it for you, whether it's a business or whether it's trading.
You're going to know exactly right when you get on the chart, what you're looking for, how to execute, where your mindset should be like, and once that's taken care of.
And once that cup is overflowing in a well-oiled machine, that's when you bring another cup into the system because you already know how to trade or you already know that this business is running well on itself.
And you don't have to do all the fucking dirty work for that business or for trading or for fucking dropshipping.
It's just working on its own.
That's when you bring another cup.
In and then that's when you take the overflowed fucking water from the first cup and then you start pouring it into the second cup.
And then from there, boom trading.
It's fucking automated.
You already know.
Okay.
I spent three hours of date of a day day trading.
Now, I can start a business within something else that I fucking love whether it's fucking clothing, whether it's a fucking business within the trading niche like I did.
Okay, you can get into that and then boom.
You got to do the dirty work until that business or that fucking other side hustle.
Starts actually working again.
Okay, it becomes a well-oiled machine.
Boom.
Then we stash that cup over there.
Boom.
Both the cups are overflowing well-oiled machines.
You know exactly how they work.
You know exactly what's going on with them and they're just systematic.
You don't got to worry about them.
They're just boom.
You bring in a third cup and now your machine when it's getting started up before you didn't have much capital on the first cup.
You had no capital to, you know, do a little drizzle oil up all the gears.
WD-40.
Okay.
Now you have a shit ton of capital because you have two cups that are overflowing consistently.
You also have a bunch of other skills from those two skills that you mastered and were able to boom pile on.
Now you have a third cup and you're like, hey, I've already filled two cups before.
I know exactly what this takes.
Boom.
You get the machine up and running a lot quicker than those first two cups.
You're able to fill it a lot quicker.
Boom.
Starts printing you money.
Fourth cup, fifth cup, sixth cup, seven cup.
All printing you money.
All systematic.
Well, well-oiled machine.
But we have to understand that.
What did it start with?
One single cup.
So you guys are not making any money right now and you guys are spreading yourself way too thin.
You have to choose whatever skill, whatever side hustle it may be.
And today I'm talking about trading because that's what I do.
Okay.
And you have to understand if you want to get into trading, you have to treat it like a fucking job and you have to put your all into it.
Okay.
So with that being said, I appreciate you boys.
I'm dipping out of here.
I love y'all.
I'll see you guys.
One of those things we will talk about today.
Which is PM session.
So without further ado, we're going to get into my PM session trading strategy.
Just kidding.
Focus boys.
What are we?
We're trading PM session.
Okay.
So anyways, do I really plan on trading PM session while I'm in Puerto Rico?
Not necessarily just because AM session is super favorable for my time zone.
But the reason why I was trading PM session over yonder in Hawaii was because.
3.30 is when market open and I was like, fuck that shit.
I'm definitely not waking up at 3.30 AM in Hawaii.
I'm just going to trade PM session.
So for PM session, we have the macro.
Macro kill something, whatever.
The most optimal time to trade is from 2 to 3 PM.
Okay, we can kind of drag this over to like 1.30 more like, okay.
But anyways, it's within.
That time zone.
You should already be on the charts by that time.
Anyways, but from 1.30 to 3 is kind of our prime time.
But from like 1.30 to 3 PM Eastern time is really our prime time to trade.
So if you guys are on PST, this might be something that you can you can consider.
Because I know when I was on PST, I didn't really like trading at 6.30 AM.
That's a little bit easier than 9.
Sorry.
That's a little bit easier than 3.30.
But still.
For some of you, you know, maybe you got to change your diaper before you go to preschool, whatever.
Anyways, let's jump into this.
So I pretty much treat PM session similar to how I trade AM session except just on lower time frame.
So again, it's the same fucking strategy just lower time frame.
So what are we looking for?
We're looking for a lower, lower time frame liquidity sweep.
Okay, and by lower time frame, I mean like 15 to 5 minute.
Okay, we're treating those as like our four hour and our hourly and we're executing on the one hour.
One minute.
Okay, and we'll get into that.
We're using confluences and trends based on the 15 minute.
And then on top of that, we are using confluence and trends based on the five minute.
Mainly overall, I'm looking at the 15 minute for overall like bias and direction.
Okay, similar to the four hour.
I don't really use the five minute too much.
I mainly use the five minute to identify draws on the on liquidity similar to the one hour.
And then I execute purely based off the one minute.
So with that in mind, what are we looking for on the 15 minute and on the five minute?
Well, the 15 minute we're looking for overall trends.
So like this was my markups from Wednesday, my last day in Hawaii, and I was able to hit a trade,
hit a winning trade on this.
I didn't post a trade recap on this just because I literally woke up traded and then headed to the airport.
But anyways, let's just use this as an example because again, you guys already know my strategy.
We're looking for.
Liquidity sweep within obviously within the trend direction that we want liquidity sweep break of structure.
Okay, and then a third confluence fill.
All right, and that's what we're looking for.
Okay.
So on here on the 15 minute, what do we see?
Okay, we see a sweep out of these lows.
Then what do we get?
We get a break of structure.
Okay, awesome.
Then what can we start looking for?
Well, we have a 15 minute imbalance.
I remove this.
Already, but anyways, we have a 15 minute imbalance.
If we go to the five minute, we had a five minute imbalance within here as well.
I also marked out this five minute order block right here.
Boom and I also highlighted this like this order block in this five minute breaker.
We're pretty much within the same region.
So I just marked it out with that blue little line.
Boom five minute order block five minute breaker along with a five minute fair value gap.
It's just scrum shits.
I've written like I just eat that shit up for breakfast.
Okay, so the 15 minute we're determining the trend.
Okay, boom.
We see liquidity sweep prior to prior to our shit smelled so bad.
The flies had to come crawling out.
Anyways, we swept.
We swept these lows during like we can call pre-market of PM session.
Okay, we break structure to the upside.
So what are we looking for?
We're looking for buys.
Okay, and if we even look into our higher time frames to
During this session.
During this time.
Okay, I guess we weren't bullish.
Well, I'm pretty sure we were on the four-hour regardless.
The 15 minute is what we're looking at because we're trying to trade on such a small time frame.
Okay, so we break structure to the upside.
We see price push into those confluences 15 minute fair value gap.
Okay, 15 minute order block 15 minute breaker as well with this candlestick.
Okay, whole bunch of confluences along with five minute confluences we get within that area.
Right?
And then from there, what do we do?
We can scale down into the one minute time frame.
We get right up on in there.
And then what are we looking for?
We're looking for a break of structure.
Why?
Because we had the liquidity sweep in the high time or high time frame break of structure.
We had the high time frame confluence fill.
So then what can we do?
We can scale in to our lower time frame to execute.
So what do we look for?
We look for a break of structure.
When do we get it?
Boom right here.
Let me get rid of this.
So you guys just don't go blind off the shit.
Okay.
We get the break of structure right here.
Okay, then what are we looking for?
We're looking for a third confluence.
Gann box.
Boom drop top that right there.
We get a fill right within here.
Boom bullish confluence out of that right there.
We didn't necessarily get any fair value gaps to get filled.
We have this little wick down in within here, whatever.
We can kind of consider this a breaker.
So that got filled as well.
Maybe you considered these candles going down pushing into this breaker as like
Oh, that's a confluence and then you wanted to enter off this.
Fuck it.
Let's just say we entered off of this.
Cool.
Long John bomb off of that stops underneath equilibrium.
Okay, first take profit.
For me was based off this.
Okay.
So this was the trade that I took it was just one to one.
I was in and then I was out because again PM session.
That's another thing that I noticed when I was trading in Hawaii.
I only had one take profit.
For two reasons one because I wanted to go to the beach and I didn't want to
have to be checking my phone to be managing positions.
So that's just personal options.
Okay, and second of all because PM session is slow as shit.
Look at these one minute candles.
Okay compared to when Market opens candles.
Okay, so obviously I prefer trading am session because the price is just the
movements are much cleaner until we get around to like 11 and then.
Shit starts slowing down.
Okay, and then PM session opens and shit starts moving a little bit, you know
more than whatever this shit is, but it's still pretty fucking slow.
Okay.
So that's the main reason why I only set one take profit on my shit.
But boom as you can see price hits take profit.
Now, let's go back and let's go over the other trades the other trades that
I took.
NQ.
I took
two
Total trades.
I won one and I lost another one and es I took two total trades as well over
my little PM session trading hiatus and I won both of them.
So only one loss while I was trading PM session, which is pretty fucking fire
and I really liked trading on those low time frames and I'm honestly kind of
considering or here, you know what we can do.
We can just fucking back test the days that I didn't trade.
So I didn't trade on Thursday or on Friday.
So fuck it.
Let's let's back test those days and who knows?
How that's going to go.
So I don't even know like I didn't even look at the market.
Okay, so boom.
This is PM session.
Oh, yeah, we can already see that.
This is just like motion.
AM session as we can see AM session a lot more movement.
Okay, but anyways another thing that's kind of like a little tip and trick that
I like to look look for during an AM session.
Is PM session will typically or during PM session.
Sorry.
AM session will typically make a big volatile move in whatever direction that I
wants to go in and then it will start cooling off and then that cool off usually
leads into PM session and then the move will typically continue.
That's look that's just coming from the shit that I've seen over the past week
of trading PM session.
Don't take that as just like the golden fucking rule, but that's what I've seen.
Okay.
So again, what do we see coming in?
We have a break of structure on the 15-minute.
I mean the 15-minute stayed bullish throughout all this.
But anyways, we're bullish coming into this.
Okay on the 15-minute time frame, you know, we do want liquidity sweeps.
Did we get any going through here?
No, but what can we look for?
We can look for those five minutes.
Those five-minute sweepers.
Okay, and boy, do we get a five-minute sweepy right here clapped.
Okay, and really another thing that PM session loves to do is it loves to
just come come out and like it loves to sweep out again.
This is like purely just based off of shit that I've seen it loves to sweep
out like these kind of like here.
Let me go.
Back to Wednesday's shit.
It loves to sweep out those little gritty and fucking grimy grinded ass lows.
That Market has made during a.m.
Session leading in a PM session and like this is what I mean.
I mean, it's all these little itsy-bitsy spider-ass fucking lows right here.
You know PM session really just wants to fuck all of these over.
Okay, and are we going to mark these out as liquidity?
No, but can we kind of use that in the back of our head like oh PM session wants to come
through and like ruin all these lows day and everybody who's just like I'm going to scalp this
move up, you know, they're just going to get fucked.
That's what PM session wants to do.
It wants to come through and it wants to take out all those little gritty and grindy ass lows
that get made on that like slight partial ass move up.
Okay, so similar situation here except we had a bit of a liquidation right here already,
but boom we come through we sweep out these lows.
Okay, and since we're already bullish on the 15.
Okay, we're green being ready to rock.
Okay, we see a sweep on the five-minute again.
Similar to a sweep on the one minute.
What can we do?
We can scale down.
What are we looking for breaking structure on the one minute boom?
We get it right here or fuck it.
We can say that we get it right here.
Okay, what sort of confluences can we can we use?
Well, technically this order block boom beam work.
Okay, what else do we have?
We have this breaker right here, which doesn't get end up getting hit.
We have fair value gaps through here, which don't end up getting hit.
We have a fair value gap right here, which ends up getting hit.
But invalidated.
So really our main entry point is going to be this order block boom.
What can we do?
Long John Silver off of this candle right here.
Where can we put the invalidation underneath the order block?
So this whole move down.
Okay, and then where can we Target and we're going to have to do some research.
Let's see over here.
Let's see if this hourly high is within its like range for good RR and then we also.
Have this start of this imbalance right here.
We need the end of the imbalance right here and then we can do the start of this imbalance.
Cool scale back down.
Okay.
Yeah.
So this one way too fucking close to entry the next one.
We'll see if it's good.
RR probably not.
Yeah.
Okay.
So again similar situation here.
Yeah, we found a good RR for it.
Whatever.
Obviously.
This is pretty cherry-picked.
Because we see what happens afterwards.
But again proof and products we see we identify the 15-minute trend.
We see that there's a break of structure.
We see we see a five-minute liquidity sweep.
We're already within a we push down into like a 15-minute imbalance.
All the good stuff price continues higher and continues filling imbalances and taking out liquidity.
Cool.
Cool.
Now, let's move over to Friday.
And then that will be the last of our drilling.
Such a fucking perfect example of this shit.
I can literally see the shit from a mile away.
Dog.
Tell me this shit ain't working.
Tell me this shit ain't twerking.
Holy moly.
Okay.
What do we see here?
15-minute before PM session gets cracking.
Sweep these lows.
Break structure to the upside.
Boom.
Both of the confluences already filled.
Now, what are we looking for?
We have a 15-minute fair value gap right here.
Scale into the five-minute.
We have those gritty fucking grindy ass loads lows that we were talking about that.
We didn't necessarily see as much get taken out the last time around.
But again, we see like those itsy-bitsy spider ass lows that just want to be ripped to shreds.
Okay.
Itsy-bitsy spider ass low.
Itsy-bitsy spider ass low.
Itsy-bitsy spider ass low.
Itsy-bitsy spider ass low.
Okay.
If we go to the five-minute, we can see even more detail here.
Okay, we have this five-minute order block.
Right here.
We have this five-minute breaker, which is in line with this five-minute fair value gap.
Unicorn, uniporn, whatever you want to call it.
We're getting into this bitch.
Okay, we're scaling in.
We're waiting for a one-minute break of structure.
Which unfortunately doesn't necessarily happen until all the way the fuck up here.
Okay, because we have this absurd high that was made.
Boom, but we get a little breaky-wakey.
Okay, let's see.
Damn, I don't think that's a fair value gap.
I don't think I would have been able to get a trade on here.
I mean the slightest sliver, but that's not something that I would have taken a trade off of.
Let's see if we hit equilibrium.
If not, didn't hit it.
But again,
Proven product.
Let's say like you're just, I don't know, maybe a bit of a dumbass and you just enter purely off of the break of structure.
Cool.
I cannot go.
Amen.
Cool.
Let's say you just did that.
Proof of product.
You know, you wouldn't have gotten stopped out on this if your stop was under here.
If your stop was under here, we see price moves up.
We take out these highs.
Do we hit these highs?
No, not quite.
But we take out other highs along the way.
This high right here.
This high right here.
It has to be a take profit along those, along there at some point in time.
Okay, and boom.
Crush the shit.
So there you go.
I'll go ahead and kind of write out how I would go about trading PM session.
So first of all, it would be, jeez, chill with the caps lock.
Identify 15-minute trend second.
Look for technically low timeframe liquidity sweep, but don't be going on the 1-minute.
So 5-minute slash 15-minute.
Okay, three.
Okay, fine.
Third confluence within the 5-minute slash 15-minute and then for execute on the 1-minute.
Boom.
Bam.
Blast.
That's how I trade PM session.
That's what really fucking worked for me while I was trading in Hawaii.
Do I think I'll ever trade PM session again?
I mean shit.
If I'm ever in Pacific Standard Time, maybe I will.
If I'm ever in Hawaii again, maybe I will, but and fuck it.
Maybe if I don't catch a trade during AM session, if I don't catch a trade during AM session,
maybe I'm like, okay, cool.
I'll spin back and trade PM session because I know what works.
But there you go.
For people who are on the islands over in Oahu, Maui, Kauai, Big Island, whatever the other lesser kind of not as cool island is.
If you're in California, leave.
But yeah, other than that, man, that covers trading PM session.
All right, boys.
Catch you guys in the next one.
Today, we are going to be going over.
Time within the market.
So without further ado, let's get into it.
All right, this should be pretty short.
It's really just going to cover the best times that I found to be trading during New York Stock Exchange.
Okay, so the first time and what a lot of people call this is like the macro kill zone and I honestly agree with that.
A lot of times I preach to never take a trade before 10 p.m.
And I still hold that to be true.
Okay, so a lot of times we'll have today was a bad example because we had PPI news data.
Let's go ahead and mark out yesterday.
We have 930 or sorry.
We have 830.
First of all, it's just smart to know when all of this is happening.
So first of all, 830 is going to be pre-market open.
Okay, and we can get some activity within here, but it is all almost always in your best interest to not trade during pre-market.
And then we have a full hour of pre-market.
And then boom at 930, we have market open.
And then from there, we have another 30 minutes until that 10 p.m.
Mark and it's really at like 950 that the kill zone starts and it goes from 950 to around 1010 where we have elite setups for trades to be taken.
So again from 950 to 1010.
Don't ask me why that's just typically when the market likes to offer us good times to enter.
Why? Because the four-hour candle closes at 10.
Okay, so 10 minutes before that we can get some serious action.
This four-hour candle closes, this one-hour candle closes.
There's a bunch of candle closures that can cause a lot of movements within the market.
So that's why this is a very hot topic kill zone.
Okay, so
from 950
to 1010
is always going to be a really solid time to start to find like
either a liquidity sweep or to find an entry for your trade.
Okay, that's typically
when I start to start looking for entries and as we can see here.
Okay, we form a high and then
really right after that at around 1025, we get a sweep
of these highs and this would have been the trade of the day to have sells right out of that.
Okay.
And again, this varies day-to-day, but a really good standard and rule to have for yourself is
never really try and look to execute before 950.
And again, the reason for that is because price is developing and price typically isn't going to
make the majority of the move.
I mean on this day it made the majority of the move during pre-market.
Okay with this leg up and then boom right when market opens.
It falls, but we can see that price sets sets itself up for another leg down within that kill zone.
Okay, we can show another example of that over here and then we'll go over the PM kill zone.
And again, like I said, this is really just talking about the optimal times to trade.
There's nothing really like super-duper special for this besides like the simple shit as you should
be looking to trade during these times and right here boom like we can see this is a real obvious window
of where the majority of the move is.
So we can see boom.
This is market open.
Okay, we can see that market opens and we start legging up towards this draw on liquidity.
We see the liquidity sweep.
Okay, right around that 950 mark and then boom within there.
You should have found some sort of entry boom 950 hits.
Okay, we're looking for a break of structure the downside.
Okay, we see it here.
No third confluence boom.
We see it.
Here.
Maybe we find an entry off of this as price legs down further.
Okay, so this is going to be our first kill zone from 950 all the way till 1010.
This is a really optimal time frame to start looking for entries and to look for your main high time frame.
Confluence is to be getting hit during this time.
Okay, so market opens and usually for the first 30 or 20 minutes price is just going towards that draw on liquidity
or going towards a confluence.
For price to give you an entry for price to draw into the main draw on liquidity, which we can see here.
We had Lowe's right here.
Lowe's right here.
Lowe's right here.
Lowe's right here and all those end up getting taken out.
But what happened we had to gear up for that legs up and then we see the execution come in within this time frame.
Okay.
So that's for am session.
Now, let's go into PM session is really going to be from 1350 to 14.
10.
Okay, because PM session starts right?
I mean technically PM session starts at 1300.
Okay, right here, but this is kind of that main macro because we have like lunch hour and all of that.
Okay, and as we can see within this time frame, if you guys remember that PM session strategy, we can see okay price comes down.
We take out a draw on liquidity right here price continues higher super low volatility because this was a no news Monday, but we can go ahead and see how that looks.
I looked last Friday for potential entries.
So again, we're looking for 1350 boom right here 1410.
Okay, so we can see that right before this we get a sweep of liquidity.
We get a break of structure the upside and then from there we see a fill of this imbalance price continues higher.
Okay, we didn't necessarily get that super optimal entry within this PM session kill zone.
And again, it's not something.
That's supposed to be super strict.
Like I can only enter within these time frames, but it's around these time frames that market typically wants to draw towards liquidity or cause a trade entry to get popping to get happening.
Okay, let's go to Thursday and let's see the same thing happen.
Okay, so this is market open right here 950 1010.
So if we go over here, we can see boom market opens.
950.
It's okay.
We get a strong leg up and then where do we get our execution point?
We get our execution point within these fair value gaps within here.
Oops.
Sorry where we can find a high confluence trade set up to the upside because we can see market opens.
We see a sweep of liquidity.
We see a break of structure the upside boom.
We see our third confluence get filled.
We can find entries within there.
Okay.
Now, let's go to PM session 1350 1410.
Okay, not much going on within here.
Besides us seeing okay.
We're continuing within our bias to the upside.
We can see that market wants to come down take out the strong liquidity.
We didn't really see many other sweeps of liquidity within there and again happens right after this little kill zone.
Which again is okay.
We just know that these are the certain time frames where typically market is going to be seeking out draws on liquidity.
It's going to be wanting to move and it's going to be more volatile and have more volume as we can see we get a sweep of that continue higher and continue.
Within the trend that was started during AM session.
We'll go over one more before I leave you guys.
Okay, so we have market open right here 950 1010 similar situation here.
Okay during pre-market.
We have a sweep of liquidity.
We have a break of structure the upside during this kill zone.
We see market drive into a fair value gap and give us a great execution point right at that 1010 mark for price to continue higher and seek out draws on liquidity up here.
Perfect.
Now, let's go into PM session.
We have 1350 right here.
It doesn't look like we're going to get much within here 1410 not much going on during PM session, but we can see within the same hour right towards that same hour.
We see price drive down fill in this liquidity or sorry fill in this imbalance and drive back higher taking out boom these highs right here and wicking out these lower time frame highs right here.
Let me do one more.
Okay.
So again similar situation.
This is our kill zone and we see price wants to move a little bit lower sweep out this liquidity and then boom price moves higher.
We end up taking out these highs taking out this high right here boom.
Perfect.
Now, let's go into AM session.
We have market open boom 950 and you guys can see where this is serving us up.
1010.
Okay, right within this kill zone is where we see the drawing.
Liquidity boom.
We see low time frames get swept out boom.
We also see this get swept out boom.
Okay, we can find entries within this kill zone to go long sending price higher and during pre-market.
We can see that price swept liquidity broke structure to the upside.
We see this come down fill in this order block boom price continues higher.
So that pretty much covers my favorite times to trade.
And again, we kind of covered that in PM session, but I figured hey, why not make an actual full when are my optimal times to trade?
Okay, I don't necessarily follow like ICTs kill zone to a fucking tee.
I don't necessarily follow all the macro this and that.
Okay.
I know that time is a huge.
It's a huge thing in trading.
Okay.
And for me, it's always like I'm trading market open and I know that I'm typically going to be waiting until 950 or around 10 to be looking to enter into a trade.
And I know that during that 930 from 930 until then price is typically going towards a draw on liquidity or it's just going to be
consolidating until we get into that one hour four hour close where price starts to get more volatile go to her towards our confluences
where we can start taking trades.
So that being said, I appreciate you boys.
I will catch you guys in the next one.
Hopefully this helped you guys figure out what time frames are kind of best for you guys to trade or not time frames.
What times are best for you guys to trade for market open?
And for PM session.
I appreciate you boys.
I'll catch you guys in the next one.
Now, let's get into everybody's been wondering and oh, you're taking trades on lower time frames.
What happened to this?
Well, you're taking trades on higher time frames.
What happened to this?
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Just kidding.
Let's lock in.
All right.
So everybody that's fucking screaming.
Shut up.
All right.
Well, we're solving your fucking baby shit today.
Man.
Anyways, most people know the strategy as we look at the four hour for overall daily bias.
Then we look at the one hour, see how that trend correlates.
And then we scale down to the 15 and the five minute and find executions on there.
But hold on if there's liquidity sweeps on the four hour and also liquidity sweeps on the one hour.
And there's liquidity sweeps on the 15 minute the five minute and even the one minute.
And there's also fair value gaps on the one minute.
There's also fair value gaps on the five minute.
There's also fair value gaps on the 15 minute.
There's fair value gaps on every single fucking time frame.
And all of these confluences hold true on literally every single time frame.
Don't you think that our strategy can be applied amongst any time frames?
Okay, lock in.
We'll start off on the bigger time frame.
Let's say I want to be a swing trader.
It's as simply.
It's as simple as just.
Scaling up the time frame.
Okay.
So this is a perfect example.
The weekly time frame.
We get a sweepy poo.
And then a breaky shit.
To the downside.
Oh.
Scale down.
Okay.
And we see oh.
The daily broke structure right here.
Okay.
All of these confluences.
We see a sweep.
We see a break of structure.
On the daily.
We also see sweeps.
Embrace of structure.
It's crazy how it works.
Isn't it?
Kato?
Okay.
So let's say I just want to be a fucking swing trader.
All that you do is scale up the time frames.
Look at the overall overall trend on the weekly right now.
We're still within this like bearish trend.
But I honestly think that we break right back up to the upside because this just wanted to draw down.
So we've got liquidity and rally.
Cool.
Just apply the same concepts that we do on the 4-hour and on the hourly.
Rotate it over on the weekly and the daily.
We find our executions and our confluences on the 4-hour and the hourly.
Okay.
It's the same type of thing.
So let's say on the daily.
We're looking for draws on liquidity and we know that we're bearish.
For example.
Let's say we see a sweep of this liquidity.
Cool.
We can scale out into the 4-hour.
Okay.
When are we going to break structure?
Boom.
Right here.
Okay.
We have this big-ass fair value gap.
We see the fair value gap get filled.
We see rejections out of it.
Potential to take a short position off of this stops above that fair value gap and we can target draws of liquidity.
It's universal.
There's a reason why we give you guys these concepts that work on every single time frame because you can apply them to every single time frame.
So from today when you guys saw me take a low time frame trade.
Don't be like.
Y'all.
I swear you guys be taking shit like super literally and that's okay.
Sometimes.
Right, but for example, also like the high time frame shit.
I'm not that big of a fan.
I would rather scale down because I'm trying to move from session to session.
I'm not trying to deal with no freaking weekly and daily liquidity sweeps.
Right?
Like we'll literally die by the time we find an entry.
Okay.
But.
For example, what happens if we're if we're going to do something like this where we use the hourly as our overall bias setter.
Oh, we get a beanie bopper break of structure beanie bopper fodder bopper break of structure.
Okay, we get that break along with that.
We sweep liquidity.
On the 15-minute.
Okay, we could have looked for like an hourly sweep too.
Because now we're using the hourly in the 15-minute as our draws on liquidity and our overall trendsetters scale down to the five minute.
Maybe try and find some confluences within there.
Oh damn a five-minute break of structure and then there's a five-minute fair value gap.
And then if we want to scale down even further, there's a skidder rinky dinky dink break of structure and then oh my goodness.
Look at that.
The break of structure also coincides with an order block right here.
And it's crazy.
It's almost like these confluences are in every single fucking time frame.
So as long as you guys have the big picture and this is really all the video is going to be is me just yelling at you guys saying that you guys can apply this strategy to any time frame.
Just have that overall fundamentals of looking at a higher time frame figure out the overall trend and again just because if I'm executing on a smaller time frame.
Let's see.
Let's say I execute on this break of structure right here.
Long John Silver.
Okay, and we put the stop-loss fuck it.
Let's just put it at the bottom of this five five-minute fair value gap because that's what we're taking the trade off.
Okay.
Am I going to set my take profit?
To a fucking daily high.
Yeah, no.
Okay, we're not we're not going to do that.
We can set our take profit to a 15-minute high.
1 to 1.94 risk-reward ratio.
I'll take that we can do like a 15-minute high previous highs.
Like let's say this chart got a little bit higher to give us a good risk-reward boom set that as it but we're again.
It's it's the same like do you guys get what I'm saying?
Like just scale down the time frames or if you guys want to be swing trader scale up the time frames.
It's the same strategy because these concepts happen on every single time frame.
There's liquidity sweeps on every single time frame.
There's breaking structures on every single time frame.
There's order blocks on every single time frame.
There's for value.
That's in every single time frame.
There's breaking blocks on every single time frame and I'm going to go fucking crazy.
I was just showing a strategy that worked and I kind of I mean, I guess I assumed wrong.
But I was assuming that you guys would understand that and that you guys would be able to
be able to like figure it out that hey, it doesn't just the strategy that I gave you isn't just a
four-hour one-hour 15-minute five-minute only strategy.
Where you guys can apply these concepts to multiple time frames.
Okay, because sometimes where there was a day, I think it was yesterday.
Let's put like replay to like here.
This is what price look like, right?
And if we go to four hour, this is what price look like.
Do I really think I'm going to sit on my butt cheeks and wait for either a four-hour?
Liquidity sweep?
Do you really think price is going to be like yeah bet we need a sweep liquidity, but it's not going
to do that.
Okay.
Do you really think that price is going to also this was deep in the market open anyways after it
had broken structure sometimes we can't find trade setups because it's obvious on the chart that
there's no draws on liquidity on the super high time frame.
So then what can we do in turn we can scale down to lower time frames and this was the trade that
I took yesterday on the 16th.
Where we see sweep way was on NQ, but whatever we see sweep and we see confluences on lower time
frames and we see the sweep on the 15-minute time frame.
So because we see the sweep on the 15-minute time frame, we know that the move is going to be
smaller than if it was a four-hour sweep or an hourly sweep.
So in turn we use lower time frames.
Okay, let's say that here.
I'll show the one on NQ.
Yes.
We had this.
Sweep and Q we had SMT Divergence right here scale into the one minute.
I need to make a video on SMT Divergence.
It just reminded me looking for confluences.
Okay, so 15-minute sweep on ES SMT Divergence which essentially like kind of signifies a like valid
sweep and that NQ is going to continue higher, but I'll make a whole other video on that later.
Okay.
I know a lot of people in the kick streams ask me for that.
Okay, but we see a 15-minute sweep on ES.
So we know that the move it's going to be a sweep, right?
We saw that the sweep happened.
We see SMT Divergence.
Okay, and then we're starting to see confluences to the upside.
We invalidate this bearish fair value gap.
We break structure to the upside on NQ.
I could have entered purely off of that.
I waited for fair value gap gripper entry stops underneath the invalidation of the fair value gap.
One and only take profit was right here.
Okay.
Yes.
I could have said higher take profits, but because I exited because I entered on such a low
time frame.
I had low time frame take profits as well.
These concepts are applicable on every single time frame and it's the same thing if you want to
scale up and wait years to enter on the daily fair value gap and break structure and all of that.
Okay, and you want to swing trade.
But I needed to make this video on.
How you guys can and again like stop looking for a copy and paste.
One Hut 1234.
I'm going to eat your ass right when you open the door.
Ask strategy because sometimes that strategy won't play out for a fucking month.
And then what are you going to do if we don't see a four-hour liquidity sweep?
You know, it's going to be pretty rare.
But let's say we don't see a four-hour or a one-hour liquidity sweep.
For an entire month.
Are we are we just going to sit there and never take a freaking trade?
Ever again, like are we going to go broke that month?
No, we need to be able to find and be able to analyze charts on different time frames as well.
And all of our concepts the strategy included can be used on other time frames.
So hopefully this video kind of clarifies that so you guys aren't tweaking and geeking.
And in the trade recap videos and again, if you guys think about that.
Guys this strategy this special strategy that I just showed you.
It's the exact same way that I traded p.m.
Session all last week.
And I'm just doing it on a.m.
Session.
Because price wasn't giving me good setups for the original chat strategy that I showed you.
Okay, cool.
We cool cool lock in.
So now that you guys have made it to this point in the video.
I'm going to tell you guys something that should encourage you guys to continue on this day trading journey.
Because the majority of people with long videos like this have already clicked off and have already gone to watch some different edutainment content.
Because they were like man 15 hours with the content.
This is too much.
I want the easy way out.
But you guys were willing to stick around for this entire video this full culmination of everything that I put together over the vast.
Years that I've been on social media helping people turn from unprofitable to a profitable trader.
And guess what you guys were willing to do what 99% of people weren't willing to do which is stay through all of this and which is to understand the education that can help you guys turn profitable and help you guys change your life.
And if you guys were willing to do that, then I know that you guys have what it takes to be able to turn into a profitable trader.
There's a super cool statistic or not really that cool, but it's it's kind of sad statistic, but it remains true.
Just like how I was telling you guys in the beginning.
Of this video 99 or 98% of Traders fail and it's not that they fail is that they give up but another statistic to keep in mind and especially after you guys have consumed all of this content is that 80% of Traders that start trading within their first year fail or give up.
So we have that vast majority 98% of Traders fail, but within their first year of trying to complete day trading 80% of them give up.
So if.
You guys are able to sit through this massive culmination of education and information that already tells me that you guys have what it takes to be able to turn profitable because you guys were able to sit through this.
You guys were saying, hey, I actually want to make this work.
I actually want to change my life.
Just like how I wanted to when I was an unprofitable Trader.
There was times when I would literally sit down and I was at my parents house back in California and I would sit down and I would be like, look, I want to do anything possible.
I would sit and watch the charts for hours.
Just like how you guys sat on here and watch this day.
Trading education video for hours.
I watch similar videos just like this, but they were a lot shorter and they weren't really as in-depth and they weren't really as good.
But I would watch these day trading videos that would last hours because I was so committed to being able to turn profitable.
I really love this skill and intern.
It has helped me change my life forever.
And I know that if you guys go through all of this content and actually apply it, it's going to help you guys change your life as well.
So I really want you guys to think about that statistic.
It's not that 98% of Traders fail.
It's that 98% of the people that.
Try day trading end up giving up and they don't give it a long enough shot and they don't expand their time horizons to understand that.
Hey, this is a very high leverage skill and it's going to take time and it's going to take effort.
Just like the time and effort that you guys put in to this video taking notes actually learning and understanding the fundamentals the confluence is how to put everything together and then how to shift your guys's mindset to be able to turn into profitable Traders.
All of those things put together can put you guys on this path towards profitability.
It's not going to be easy.
It's going to be very difficult.
But the fact that all of you guys were able to make it to the end of this video really tells a lot about your guys's character and how bad you guys want this.
Like I said, this video is going to get a lot of views.
But I can almost promise you that the majority of people are going to stop watching this video 30 minutes in maybe an hour in maybe two hours in but you guys were the ones that were able to stick to it and get to the very end of this video.
And we're actually able to outlast everybody else that is actually putting you guys in that category or the potential to be a part of that category.
That is part of that 2% of Traders that are willing to make it because you guys were willing to do what 98% of people weren't willing to do which is stick to it, which is get on here and actually digest the information understand the information and then go out and apply the information on a daily basis and learn from your guys's mistakes learn from these lessons and failures that you guys are making in the market and because you guys got through this video.
It's telling me that you guys aren't willing to give up because again, like I was saying, there's a lot of people that are going to get on here and be like, yeah, I can't wait to start day trading and then they get through the first hour.
And they're like, you know what?
It's too hard.
I don't want to do that.
And that's the problem with everybody that's trying to make money.
They think that it's going to be super easy, but you guys understand the difficulty and that level of education that is necessary for you guys to turn profitable and that puts you guys in honestly the highest tier of people who I know can personally be successful because trust me.
I was in that same exact position as you guys were and I went through all the work and all of these like long ass.
Nice studying day trading videos reading day trading books and just watching the charts move for hours and hours and hours like you guys probably have after trying to apply all of these concepts that I've taught you guys in this long ass video.
So I know that every single one of you guys that has made it to this point you guys have a hundred times the potential that you guys think and I can see it in you guys just like how I saw it in myself and I'm sure you guys see it in yourself because you guys were able to make it to the end of this video.
You guys wouldn't have made it to the end of this video.
If you didn't think that you weren't able to do it.
Everybody that clicked off this video.
They pretty much admitted to themselves that they are not able to be a full-time day trader.
They don't have the discipline.
They don't have the work ethic and they are pretty much giving up on themselves.
But you guys were able to make it to the end and you guys were pretty much making this commitment to yourself and also to me that hey, I'm actually going to make this shit work.
So if you guys were able to make it to the end of this video, I have a shit ton of respect for you guys and I see a younger unprofitable version of me.
Like I said, if you guys made it to the end of this video.
You guys aren't necessarily profitable yet, but you guys are on that path and you guys have the headspace and you guys have the motivation and you guys have the work ethic to be able to make this work.
And this massive video gave you guys literally everything that you guys need to be able to get started.
It gave you guys the mindset and the headspace that you guys are supposed to be in when you guys are getting into trading and honestly because you guys made it to the end of this video.
I can already tell you guys that you guys have that it gave you guys how to build off the fundamentals how to build off the confluences and how to build off the strategy that I gave you guys within this video to be able to turn profitable.
We went over risk management how you guys are supposed to turn profitable with all of this new information.
So what I want to encourage you guys to do is continue using that same work ethic and that same motivation that help you guys get through this long ass video.
That is again.
The goal is to help you guys turn from an unprofitable trader into a profitable trader and go out and apply it on the charts and just like I was saying in the beginning of this video.
It's going to be very difficult.
It's going to be a struggle to be able to get through all of these lessons and all these mistakes that you guys are going to have to make and it's probably going to take a really long time.
There's still going to be little holes in your guys's boat.
Like I was saying the goal with this video is to be able to patch up all the big holes that you guys have but they're still going to be little holes little mistakes that you guys are going to have to try and patch up and figure out for yourselves.
And again if you guys don't want to spend the next two years or six months trying to patch up these holes for yourselves and get a fast track to profitability.
That's exactly why I made the blueprint and honestly the blueprint is really only applicable for people that have the motivation that have the work ethic that were able to make it to the end of this video.
That actually want to be able to change their lives because again the blueprint and my mentorship isn't going to just whatever you get in there and snap your fingers and boom you're profitable.
But I know that every single one of you guys because you guys made it to the end of this video.
You guys have the work ethic and you guys have the motivation to be able to do what it takes to be able to turn profitable just like how I did back when I was an unprofitable trader.
And I had to take literally years out of my life to be able to learn these skills in order to turn profitable with little to no guidance.
But the nice thing for you guys.
Is you guys now can have guidance.
You guys can have coaches such as myself and other profitable traders right by your side so we can help patch up those little holes in your boat.
And instead of it taking two years three years even five years of trial and error of making the same mistakes over and over again.
You guys can come to us and say hey I lost this trade.
Why?
And then we will instantly be able to pinpoint those mistakes that you guys are making and then boom that's how growth is going to happen for you guys.
You guys are going to be able to cover up those mistakes cover up those holes in your boat a lot faster.
Then again someone like me back when I was unprofitable I would make the same mistake for like three months or six months straight.
And then I would finally get some sort of realization by looking at the charts for so freaking long and be like hey wait maybe I'm doing this incorrectly.
But instead of having to wait all that time then you guys can just come to us and say hey we've already done that time for you guys.
We have already made those mistakes and we already know the solutions to the mistakes that you guys are making.
And that's the problem that we want to solve for you guys.
And again like I was saying.
If you guys were able to make it to the end of this video I know that we can be a huge help in your guys' success in order to turn profitable as a day trader.
Because realistically I don't want the people that got on here within the first hour and they clicked off.
Because again those people won't make it in life.
Those people won't find success in anything that they want to do.
Because they just want the easy way out.
They want to turn profitable in a day.
But you guys made it to the end of this.
I know that you guys have the work ethic and you guys have the mindset and you guys have the motivation to be able to make this work.
And my goal is to get everybody who's just like me as an unprofitable trader just like you guys right now who are willing to put in the work.
Who have the work ethic.
Who have the motivation to be able to change their lives and make that change a lot quicker.
And help you guys change your life just like how I was able to change mine as an unprofitable trader.
But make it so much faster.
So much easier.
And to be able to fast track your guys' path to profitability.
And that's what I built in the blueprint.
So if you guys want access to me as a mentor and get towards that fast track to profitability.
Click the link down below.
I know every single person that has made it to the end of this video.
Whether you guys just want to go out and use this free information that I've already given you guys on this video.
And try it on your own.
By all means.
That's what this video is for.
It's to help you guys get all the necessary education that you guys need in order to turn profitable.
But one of the issues with that is you guys are still going to be making small little mistakes down the line.
And those mistakes might take some time.
Some months.
Some weeks.
For you guys to be able to get over.
And what does the blueprint help you guys do?
It helps you guys get over these mistakes far quicker.
Because you guys have profitable mentors that are able to get in there.
And immediately address those mistakes that you guys are making.
That you guys might not even know that you guys are making in the first place.
And that's the awesome thing that honestly like my program does.
That no other program does.
Most of these programs are literally like I gave you guys the most amount.
Like the most amount of game for free on YouTube within this video.
Okay.
And most programs are literally exactly the same.
Exactly what I just gave you.
And they're just like boom.
Go figure it out on your own.
That's the difference between what I do versus what everybody else does.
Everybody else is just giving you guys pre-recorded videos and saying boom.
You guys watch the pre-recorded videos.
You guys are on your own.
Well guess what?
I just gave you guys all of those pre-recorded videos for absolutely fucking free on YouTube.
What I like to do is give you guys the knowledge.
And then from there you guys take that knowledge.
Go and try and apply it.
And then you guys come back to us with the mistakes.
Because again you guys are going to get direct access to me and my team of profitable traders.
So that you guys are able to come to us.
And say hey these are personal mistakes that I'm making.
These are personal questions that I have when I'm trying to trade with this confluence.
When I'm trying to trade with this confluence.
And when I stack it with this confluence.
Something happens and I'm not sure why I keep losing trades with this.
That is the benefit of having access to me and other profitable coaches within the Blueprint.
And that's how you guys are actually going to be able to turn profitable far faster.
All these other programs are literally what I gave you within this 15 hour free course.
And that's it.
Okay.
So what I want to do which is different from everybody else.
Is help you guys with that free information.
Or with that pre-recorded information that you guys just digested within this massive video.
And then go and apply it correctly.
And then solve your guys' personal mistakes.
And that's what no other program does.
Because they come in here and they're just like here take these videos.
And then boom like you're on your own.
How does that help you guys?
All of this information.
Literally every single skill set can be learned for free with the internet.
The internet is so freaking massive.
Anyone can learn how to do whatever the fuck they want.
Through YouTube videos.
Through online.
Through ChatGPT.
They can do that.
But what YouTube videos.
What the internet.
And what ChatGPT can't replace.
Is years of profitability.
And is years of making mistakes.
Personal mistakes.
That I used to make when I was unprofitable.
That you guys are making right now.
That I know the exact solution for.
So that's what my mentorship can bring to you.
What my mentorship can bring to the table for you guys.
Where a lot of you guys are going to be making the same mistakes that I used to make when I was an unprofitable trader.
And these YouTube videos aren't going to be able to solve those problems.
But who will?
The person that put in the 10,000 hours of work before you guys.
And was able to make those same mistakes.
And learn from those mistakes.
And find the solution to those mistakes.
And that's us.
My goal with The Blueprint is to be able to give you guys all the education necessary.
Just like how I did in this 15 hour long YouTube video.
And then on top of that.
Give you guys personalized coaching.
So that you guys can come to us with your mistakes.
And hold you guys accountable for those mistakes.
Where you guys are again in The Blueprint.
You guys are getting on weekly calls with us.
And no it's not one call per week.
It's a call every single weekday.
So you guys are getting five calls per week.
Where you guys are going to be able to address the questions that you guys have.
And say hey I made this mistake trading today.
It's not hey yeah reach out to us a month from now.
And then get on your call.
It's like no I took this trade today.
I made these mistakes today.
And we can get on a call.
And we can say hey this is how you can address these problems.
This is how you guys can find the solution for the mistake that you guys made trading today.
So you guys are seeing consistent growth on a daily basis.
Instead of just having to search for a YouTube video.
For two, three, four, five months.
To be able to solve that one little mistake that you have.
No we're able to address those mistakes right now.
In real time.
On top of that.
You guys are going to have 24 7 access to chats.
With other profitable coaches.
Where you guys are able to send in these trades in real time.
So let's say the call is like four hours from now.
But you guys are like man I want this mistake to be addressed right to free now.
Because I'm ambitious.
I'm motivated.
I want to make this shit work.
And I want to be able to speed run my path to profitability.
Boom you can send that trade in and say how does this look.
I think I made a mistake here.
I think I made a mistake here.
And the coach might say well no you actually did both of those things correct.
But you did this thing wrong.
And then you're like oh holy shit.
I was making a mistake.
That I didn't even know about.
That is what we're going to be able to give you guys.
Is personalized coaching.
Instead of just some bullshit course that's pre-recorded.
And then say boom go off and do that on your own.
I'm giving you guys in this video.
What every other coach in the world is giving you guys for a price.
Instead I'm putting a price on my hours.
And my time that I put into the market.
So that you guys can speed run and fast track your guys' path to profitability.
And that is worth something.
Not some pre-recorded videos.
That people just say hey yeah go buy this.
No dude.
I gave that to you guys for free today.
So my goal for you guys.
The people that were able to make it to the end of this.
Is say hey I know you guys know what it takes.
And I know you guys have the work ethic.
And you guys have the motivation to be able to turn profitable.
So I want to help you guys change your lives.
Just like how I've able to change literally thousands of other people's lives.
How I was able to change my own life.
To be able to turn into a profitable day trader.
And to be able to change your guys' life forever.
Your family's life.
And to be able to make you guys a successful life.
To be able to make you guys a successful human.
Because I know you guys have what it takes.
Because you guys were able to make it to the end of this video.
So with that being said.
If you guys want to be mentored by me.
If you guys want to be coached by me.
Click the link down in the description.
Regardless if you guys join the mentorship or not.
Hopefully you guys learned a lot from this video.
And hopefully you guys can go and apply all of these concepts.
The base fundamentals.
The confluences.
The strategy.
How to reshape your guys' mindset.
To be able to turn profitable.
And hopefully you guys gained a lot of value from this video.
That was my goal.
My goal was to literally shit on every other guru.
Within this channel.
Within this space.
That's going to make you guys pay for this information.
But no.
I'm going to give it to you guys for free.
Because that's what you guys deserve.
That's what unprofitable me would have wanted.
To be able to put all of these videos in one place.
To help you guys fast track your guys' path to profitability.
So if you guys made it to the end of the video.
I fucking love you guys.
And I'll catch you guys in the next one.
Peace out.


==============================
VIDEO 023 — I Helped a Subscriber Make Money Trading Forex in 7 Days-aEBpEMkx3jE
==============================

You see these thousand dollars I'm gonna help him flip this into a hundred thousand dollars and his name is David
We're also known as the G kit where he was hand selected from
50,000 people that applied to be in this position after reviewing 50,000 applications
Blind to multiple different states after interviewing 15 different people in person
We're left with David so after we decided that we were gonna choose David pick them up my jet in Naples and
Now he's gonna be living with me here in Miami
We're not only am I going to teach him my whole entire training strategy to perfection, but we're also gonna get him in shape
Yeah, I was a little overweight. So now we're gonna get it right a little bit
So not only is he gonna be profitable
He's also going to get his fitness fully in check by living with me here training with my children eating what I eat
Doing everything that I do he came in as David, but he's gonna be leaving as the G
Sounds pretty cringe
But that's the truth and the craziest part is we're gonna be documenting the before the during the after of every single position we take
While we're taking the thousand to a hundred thousand here on YouTube
With weekly recaps Instagram live every single day, and we're gonna be sharing the trades live in telegram and whatsapp
So with that being said at the challenge begin our good morning, ladies and gentlemen
This is officially day one of the challenge. How do you feel? I'm feeling awesome. Are you sure? Yes, I am
Right now Monday, June 9
729 9 in the morning and you guys see this right here. What is that?
That is our alarm to let us know for us
To be ready to enter the first trade so right now the account is at $1,000 as you can see
We just deposit $1,000 last night. Everything is in a real account and we are basically ready to take the trade
So the way this is gonna work is Dave is supposed to let me know when he's ready to take the trade and then I
Guide him to it. But I said David, let me take care of the first rate
I trust me that the first trade is the most important trade and you want to make sure you can execute it perfectly
So it gets you out of the home risking a hundred percent, right?
100%
It's my money. You're good
You're free rolling here, right? So first trade. Well, actually the first trade that we were gonna take was GVP NZD
So GVP NZD, we shared it yesterday on the livestream and then here you can see a perfect retest of this neckline of the head
And shoulders we came back up we retested it and we as soon as the market opened it just stopped straight into our take profit
We actually never retested the area of interest the EMA or the round psychological level or even the neckline
We literally just opened and went down. So the trade played out. We just couldn't catch our entry
On the other hand, I'm actually in this trade for almost seven thousand dollars in profit
But since I've been holding it for nearly a week
I am in drawdown because of the spread spread swap these are the bullshit, right?
So do you you're basically gonna get into the same trade as me or even have a better entry and not be holding it
Yeah, so back to GVP cat. It's basically the exact same trade as GVP NZD
We basically have a head and shoulders right now
We are retesting this neckline came back up retested the EMA and now we came back and retested it one more time
This will be anticipated yesterday on Sunday swings on GVP NZD retest break sell right here retest break and hasn't fully sold it
So we're anticipating the sell from this right now. So we were actually gonna enter about 15 minutes ago
We actually say are saving ourselves some drawdown right now
The 30 minutes shifted and it looks like we can potentially create a right shoulder up into here left head right shoulder
And if we do get a right shoulder up here will sell up here if we start rejecting and start heading down
I'll enter immediately. So right now I'm not gonna enter because we would actually be
And draw then I don't want to enter just because it's going into my stop-losser
I'm just gonna wait out and see what it does your GVP right now
We are currently being a little bit slow simply because it hasn't gave us what we need
So your GVP the daily time frame has a left head right shoulder at this area of interest and I need for it to fully
Retest this area in order for me to have price head to the upside
So we haven't done that yet and then a you decad we are approaching this a reward looking for it to sell
But we're not that interested in it just yet
the main
One right now is GVP had we're gonna remain patient until we can get an entry to run out 733 in the morning
It's having the retest of this kind of right shoulder area over here and I'm gonna be waiting to see what price action goes
So now we know we just wait and we just wait. This is the part that sucks because you're just looking at this shape
Okay. All right. So we're gonna check back in in 45 minutes. See what price did so if we enter or
If we did so, we're about to take our first trade right now and I was just telling David that bro
Let me take it
The first trade. Yeah, it's the most important trade and we're gonna risk a hundred percent right now
I'm like like this everything this trade is gonna make it break the whole entire account right now
Fuck. All right
So we're gonna enter GP CAD after this shift of structure the one-hour time period is how to shift the structure and now we are
Having that wick retracement practice answer to show you guys I was not a stupid CAD trade and then not 90 lots and a thousand
Or that would be crazy. We're gonna start off with just put two lots and our stop-loss is gonna be one point eight five seven three
Three one point eight five seven three three and all right, so we want you to click the subway. Okay, tell so all right now
We do it again. Oh
Brother not enough money
All right, we're full margin in this shit right now
And then let's try again
But with a point five and I know some of you guys may be asking why don't you just enter everything on one position?
Because I don't like to already max margin though. All right, so I'm boys we're officially in our first position GP CAD
Good luck. We did it. We haven't done anything
Yeah, we got oh yeah, we did start sure fine. So right now it's 751 in the morning
We'll check back in in about 30 minutes 40 minutes. And let's see what the markets are. All right, so update
I don't know
You can't make this shit up, bro.
All right, so
You can't make this up. This is the fucking first trade right here. You literally cannot make this up
I told you man. I got it. Let me let me take this shit out of the yeah, out of the shore
No, I don't know the dock dock
Let me take this shit out of the shore. No, out of the... the dock?
take the shit out of the dock and once we are in open waters brother do whatever you want man
look at this this shit alone like if right now we're up 250 bucks in this little piece right
here this can give us easily like four or five grand all right so right now we are currently
rejecting this area exactly how we have anticipated and other for i mean there's really nothing else
i'm so i'm so excited i can't even speak right now i'm just like wow we're up 300 fucking dollars
yeah and just like that what the hell wow this is we should have done this a while ago bro
yo what's up so how does it feel like to be a week into the house crazy i mean
i've changed so much stuff in my life and learned so much stuff as well i mean you saw you saw the
trade that we took earlier i mean that's just crazy i've never seen that much money so fast
in my life never and that's just the first trade so what was everything you learned last
week
uh basically i learned like i already knew about the trading uh alex basically reinforced that
knowledge we learn about necklines we learn about basically analyzing we're gonna learn about points
of interest we learn about resistance support we're learning a lot of stuff a lot of stuff
and what do you think was the difference between what you already knew and just applying it now
with alex you feel like you just needed someone to give you that boost of confidence that's first
and second i mean there's a lot of stuff that from ignorance you don't exactly know what to do
alex is a really i mean he has been like more than six years i believe in the market so i mean
you can tell that there's some stuff it's little stuff that changes the whole thing but you like
for example traders like me i never noticed he does so it's just like those little things that
are little for us but huge in general that he notices and we don't and another goal alex put
for you was for you to lose weight so how much are you weighing now and how much do you think
you're gonna weigh at the end um so let me let me do the three when i landed i was in 236 right now
i'm in 227 and
but there's a challenge hopefully 200 200 222 110. what do you think can be harder winning the
challenge or
trade update so i and when i called you were actually up 900 like the highest we've been
was 950 950 already no no so like right here you can see the left head right shoulder
technically we broke the neckline we retested
that structure point and now we're having the continuation to the downside so like right now
we're up 800 bucks let's take a script that's great four hour time frame very strong for our
bearish engulfing closure we're having the continuation of that push and then if the daily
time frame closes like this as a bearish daily rejection we should have a very strong continuation
move to the downside i'm i'm very confident in this trade so don't forget yeah there you go
by the way if you guys don't know david how much did you weigh
how much did you weigh yesterday like 227 how much did you just wait when you got here 236 oh wow
so you've lost decent amount of weight yeah we're in a good way we're going a good way because our
goal isn't for david just to learn the skill set and actually make money from it our goal is for
him to actually like change his life completely monetary wise and like physical wise so he's
eating cardio two times a day sauna once a day both two times like after each session of cardio
you hit sauna too oh and on top of that the training with mike you're working out with me
and the
diet no we we we logged in i know i know like this like this is going to be a complete like
makeover in 30 days straight update i'm on hold with the bank so we're now we're down 135 bucks
you know who these are who you know the guys that wear like the caps on the back of your head
oh i know who they are but i'm not gonna mention it no those guys they watch all this i
do for real and when they watch everything i do they they try and like take my money on balance
so if you see when i enter the trade look at this it goes perfectly into profit as soon as i post it
right back into breaking and now they think that that scares me no no no that doesn't scare us
all right so what we're gonna do is we're gonna continue to hold we're gonna set them for you
that's it we're gonna vote butterman like if this didn't even happen that we didn't do it at
all we didn't do it we didn't do it no i mean we're gonna think we didn't just forget it set
it and now we forget it wait what now you're laughing the point is we set up forget now trade
is back at breakeven this is where people are like oh you should have closed at a thousand dollars
no trade did not hit my take profit i don't close the trade because this trade had potential to have
more without having to add any more risk so for now we just set up forget and see what happens
gbp cad wants to around you're talking about right here we have our famous gbp cad so our
goal is to hit it right direct right there right there if we miss we lose we lose yeah so we have
plenty of options to choose from all right i'm going with my favorite my pink glass i'm actually
going to start off with this you're going to start off with that one yeah we'll go baby go home okay
that's gonna hit the wall he's missing all of them i'm not even getting it mission failed
mission failed let's try and use a different weapon this is this is my personal gun oh i think
i got it yo that's like right on the money let's see if that did anything in real time still did
nothing how can i forget the most useful gun in my collection shout out to trump up the markets
this
should get the job good job right let's see if it didn't we're gonna have to find another solution
what are you gonna do would that be said that didn't work at all we're gonna find
another solution that'll work i'm gonna make some phone i can't believe we blew the account
i'm not surprised i got i actually don't i i love that this happened i'm not gonna
like you love that this happened yeah it's a part of the game market up there right now
it is currently 10 o'clock at night we have officially blown the account we have
uh lost gbp cad and we lost gbp cad because of broken wake out bro so gbp cad we were in this
cell earlier so after the 30 minute had this head and shoulder structure we then had to pull back
up into this area we rejected from it this is where we're at the range and it did a little bit
but um not enough this this is like real like this is for real this is how you know
they're watching us it literally went direct to my stop loss and as soon as it went to my stop just
so this is literally showing you that they're watching us but it's fine it's fine it's no big
deal we're not gonna get nervous no no no we got another thousand dollars already we're gonna use
your money now okay cool so i believe that this trade is still good i believe we just got whipped
out because of workouts and uh that if this four hour closes as this bearish engulfing candlestick
in the next two and a half hours i am going to be interested in taking that trade so that's going to
one in the morning roughly and uh we're gonna be training london tonight so you could go knock out
i know you're tired because you're fasting or whatever and your cardio but i'm gonna be up
tonight for london if we do go take the trade i'll wake you up if not i won't make you wake up for no
reason and we're gonna deposit another thousand dollars right now just ship it right in to show
you guys we're gonna do this live so this is our brand new yeah we have uh just total deposits one
yeah total deposits thousand dollars into this this is a brand new account right so we have 80
in real time all right so we just got the payment probably what a minute later so and we have 83
dollars but you know what we're gonna deposit the full thousand we're gonna have a little bit more
than a thousand dollars that's it we're back in there advantage this time yeah so we have an 83
advantage now so we're back in the game all right so for tonight we have gp cad which i'm
going to be waiting for some potential cells we have euro gbp which i'm going to be waiting for
some retests of this area for buys aud cad i might be interested in cells around this high and gbp and
the trade is just completely gone so we're actually going to put that one at the bottom of the list
our main focus is still gbp cap so 10 o'clock at night we're going to set and forget see you guys
hopefully later later hopefully later tonight if not tomorrow in the morning man yo give me
something uh give me something so the cash that we don't know yet man this is your fault
my fault yeah why you don't wake me up oh my god let me show you guys this
so we got
wicked out so those guys with the hats bro those bro they did this to us this
is an us thing right now you understand what's going on i'm not oh wait i'm actually my other
trade i can close my other trade i mean it's not that bad like i'm still up on my account
but whatever on the other account we did not take the trade they did this to us yesterday
look at this they whipped this out after that gave us the perfect engulfing and then what happened
exactly what i said straight to our take profit if i would have literally just woken up for
seconds i would have just taken it from my phone just taking it right there in that spot no the
worst part is like imagine if we would have just not been whipped out at the point that we'll be
right now no no right right now right now the account would be at four thousand dollars oh my
god oh no so we missed out on gbp cad cannot get any more transparent any more legitimate you want
to know what's even crazier people inside of my community they entered gbp cad this person caught
it this person said bro i flipped my account from a thousand to four thousand if we show for example
cad has fed a lot of folks except me so right here this dude made 973 dollars so this guy made money
on it this guy gbp cad he entered it last night he made about five thousand dollars the the person
that gives the signal or gives the trade they don't win at all no no we actually lost nice
yeah because we blew the account yesterday so you know it's okay this happens to the best of us i
feel like everything happens for a reason we called the trade perfectly like right now we
we would be past for the goal for the week to go for the weakest for the account to be at three
thousand we would have been past that remember yesterday you're a gbp look at this you're a gbp
we called it yesterday to perfection it didn't come back in and retest to the depth that i wanted
to but the move happened perfectly exactly how i anticipated and look at this bro we're
literally left at the exact same spot look at this i've not taken any new positions but it's
so so much do you know we know what we're going to enter a trade right now you know what
this is called your way ball no it's called revenge trading oh yeah this is how you really
make money okay you really make money all right so this next trade that we're going to take right
now is aud cat ad cad right now we're having a rejection from the area of interest daily time
frame is potentially creating a daily wick or doji the one hour is creating a little head and
shoulders pattern so we have left head right shoulder we have an engulfing evening star
formation here 30 minute if we body candlestick close below this candlestick right here i'm going
to immediately enter that tree so i'm going to be waiting for some volume to kick in for me to enter
i'm not gonna i woke up this morning i usually would start the video like at 7 30 in the morning
you're asking me when you're gonna come i said bro dude i gotta just like breathe a little bit
dude we called it perfectly everything that we said happened and on top of that people caught
it we're the only ones that yeah we literally so now you gotta wake up bro i know i told you
to go to sleep but i will wake up in the middle of the night at 3am i just i just i'm gonna come
over here yeah a little bit so look at the chart if the chart like if if you would have woke up at
3am and you would have seen this you would have of course yeah you would have woken me up so
like wake up at that time and if you see something just in case in the event that i'm sleeping you
wake me up you automatically okay all right so for now let's wait for aub cad to give us our
opportunity and that's it well what about i hated the whole thing again 100 right yeah we're
gonna be first 100 right now i'm just talking percent right now dude oh dude you have no like i
i i i don't know like it might seem funny the way they're editing it they might make it might
might be making it a meme but i'm actually mad like i feel it like right here bro give me my
such like that like that is that okay oh yeah yeah you know what you know what let's do it let's
do it let's do it come on that actually hurt i'm not gonna lie so we're gonna we're gonna go for
aub cad dude that's exactly look look you can't make this up man you can't make this
up literally give us the thing right now click it again click it again no it's
itself so you always click buy itself so i was going there two lots so so wait the stop loss
sell sell there you go let me click this one five zero one cell phone teamwork there you go yeah so
we should be around three thousand dollars okay it's up behind you detroit i feel a lot better
all right so aub cad so we are in right now we're gonna just continue to hold this position and
we're gonna completely ignore the fact that gbp cad could have easily given us look even
more yeah literally no no this is gonna keep going down bro like it's gonna keep plummeting
to the downside bro brother all right so don't forget guys oh so right now we are my little farm
go mish now g較at yeah yeee i think you remember me like i i didn't press attention
i thought it felt very nice to see you you didn't bring me in the rut and that i don't even know
how to integrity it you toped in is that a little bit hard one one time i noodles
go go go yeah happy birthday to me chgie al事情 здорово это не переживайте
passe hoje чтобы вам у Lyceumcast brought your30 �3000$
it's two in the afternoon right now how do you think we're in the trade do you think we're up
or down i think we are the last the last kind of that we were up yeah how much are we up um 400.
yeah you're so wrong so off right we're breaking it look at this this is so right now
hey d cad we are break even literally from where we entered went into a little we went into draw
down we almost blew the account went into a little bit of profit now we're on break even and what
pisses me off is gbp cad look at that continuing to melt beautiful bearish moves to the downside i
had an opportunity to scale in there for sales but honestly i was just so mad at it that i avoided it
and the aud cad right now the daily time frame is closing pretty decent so we're just going to
be waiting for the daily time frame to to close for me this is the ultimate sign of success i have
my own chickens i have my own gym over here my own sauna coke lunch basketball court i've basically
set everything up where i don't have to leave the house at all anymore and i think this is awesome
and we're not leaving we're not leaving until we don't turn a thousand dollars into a hundred
dollars let's run to a hundred thousand
you're not leaving there we gotta hold ourselves accountable for the mistakes that i did i made a
mistake by falling asleep last night have you heard of the punisher the punisher the show you
didn't know what the punisher is i know i know what a punish is yeah the punisher well i have
something to call the punisher okay so it's a you thing yeah it's an us thing now ah it's
us thing now so whenever i do something wrong we both pay the price okay what's the price that we
have to pay welcome i know i know you're already sweating bro yeah i could try on the ac thing
here go ahead bro i remember the last time i think it's been six months since i've turned six
months and you think it's gonna turn just like that yeah i honestly think we haven't turned it
on since 100 to the middle there's a hundred to the middle bro all right we gotta jump start
let me know when you're ready let's go you're breaking oh i have the e-brake on sorry
i think it's been six months since i've turned on the punisher this is what we got brother oh
this is what i get but we're both paying the price for not waking up last night all right i
see you're sweating already yeah so you're understanding how this just sucks it does
indeed we could be in a rose royce right now we're a bugatti but we're in here that's okay
there will be better days we learn from our mistakes set and forget that's right all right
so we're here we're gonna get david some shoes so david pulled up to my house and he's been here
for about a week and a half and he's only i've only seen him wear one pair of shoes
guess why why they only have one pair of shoes really you don't have any other shoes
okay we're gonna get your pair of shoes today bro come on because you know we we're gonna start
playing basketball every single night for cardio so he starts getting shredded and you can't wear
your going out shoes your gym shoes everything and your basketball shoes and they go to the
chicken shoes and then i got everything i got brothers look identical to the ones you have bro
like these look like the upgraded of those bro i don't want all those i'm not like a person with
like all those colors no no i i wouldn't expect for you to be either i'm just saying these look
literally identical
we could get you these and we can get you we'll get you another pair we'll get to these two pairs
yeah should i buy one exotic pair like exotic pair i mean brother you gotta wear them it's
whatever you want i was you i would get something for like more casual because like right now to
go out let's say we get invited to go out with someone uh-huh you're gonna wear those no i
shouldn't right i don't know you should get some like some nice but it's just some nice pairs yeah
i don't have these i'm gonna get these right now oh we could get matching if you want i mean that
would be kind of gay i hope it's kind of gay it's only gay if you make a game yeah what's the problem
with it nothing oh no let's get it i'm supportive if you are any not for sure support the lgbtabcd
community for sure just one no we're gonna get two so my dog has a passion passion for eating
passion burning desire like my dog will kill itself to take a bite out of a ball and almost
had done a couple times already so he's i think he's successfully eaten 10 balls not for like
total total probably like 10 balls i've come here five different times every single time i come i
two balls because i don't last a week last time he did they didn't even last yeah a weekend
all right so right now it's 9 37 at night 10 through 7 pm we are by the paper oh well you
guys already saw the trade update trade up they were up to 789 dollars you want it was up
bro literally the trade that we took yesterday which is gbp cad let's just forget about the fact
that that we took the loss right whatever put that behind let's say we entered the trade here how i
should have on that bearish engulfing i would have continued to hold to this point right here where we
i would have probably held all the way to here we'd be up at one to four so i would be up about
six thousand dollars i would have closed that position at six thousand dollars in profit
and then i would have entered aud cat and aud cad i would have probably not entered here honestly
i would have probably been waiting for the pullback to enter but the fact that i predicted
euro gbp the push the fact that i predicted the gbp cad the second push the fact that i predicted
aud cad the push and gbp and you do the push and we're only up seven hundred fucking dollars
that's crazy you know what the worst part is what no no no no that every single person
and watching us has been getting more money i've been making more money than this yeah
we know it's okay it's part of the process i'm not mad i understand that this is the
my responsibility in this industry to show people that this is possible i i definitely believe this
is possible we should be up right now like at least seven at least seven eight thousand dollars
to be a hundred percent legit but it's okay we'll take our 700 bucks and we'll move on for now we're
gonna hold aud cad we have created a very strong rejection from this area of interest daily time
frame seems like it's having a very strong bearish engulfing pull down so right now if we're up 700
here by the time we make it over here according to my calculations will be around three thousand
dollars in the meantime we're making that money we're gonna buy these up you're lucky
i'm sore bro because i did legs two days ago bro you wanna see how i'm walking right now like
bro we did it again in under 24 hours we would be probably at 10 000 if i would have held you
you got
so we literally just got margin calls right now first position bro so our first position
aud cad just got margin called and i wish we would have caught it live literally it happened two
minutes ago but basically price just had this ridiculous pullback so we had the left head
right shoulder yesterday we had the strong break as we're playing basketball we're literally down
here and i anticipated a quick retest of this area and i was actually interested in adding a position
right now to sell but i said you know what let me wait because i saw that there was news happening
today at 8 30 in the morning with usd but i did not think it was gonna affect aud cat i did not think
it was gonna create such a massive move like this on this market and clearly it did for
whatever reason and now we have pretty much blown the account again yeah like i mean it could still
technically reject that area and also you guys are gonna ask oh why don't you guys go break even well
even is like us not being okay with losing we're totally okay with losing and part of the learning
it's it's really part of the process but but bro we were literally yesterday we were up a thousand
and something it was almost like a thousand two hundred and three hundred i mean market update
on the other markets a gbp cad so this basically hit the overall take profit of this area where i
anticipated now we're having a reaction to the upside euro gbp we have not had the retest to buy
aed cad is i i think we might get a better entry in here right now i'm not gonna lie daily time
frame looks like it's just gonna create as a daily doji i don't think this is gonna continue going
up so we might enter new entries here and the gbp nzd just i guess had a quick break retest here and
it's now heading to the downside trust me i'm not even interested in this market anymore i'm really
just only interested in aud cad and euro gbp so aed cad right now looks like it's coming back up
i'm gonna wait for this candlestick to close to see how it closes as if it closes
with a strong rejection because clearly this is just news right i go to the 15 minute you can see
how this one candlestick engulfs pretty much this yeah literally like the last couple of days so for
now we're down what we lost 300 which is just week one brother so let's just keep it going
another option right set up for you brother 8 30 in the morning we'll check back in to see if we
enter this position or not mark it up big boys so we're not looking terrible
we're not doing that bad but my my energy is just like like i was so hyped for
all this you know but this is just it's just tested me very early on and i haven't been
tested by the market in a very long time i've been tested but i just haven't given enough of
a now i give a lot of right but this is how we're doing so we're up about 400 bucks
so we're technically up we're breaking even right now so you can see right here from the
market that we are currently having a very strong rejection from this area after we
created the major liquidity grab so this is literally literally just like uh it's not even
it's just literally i'm just taking the money so that's a liquidity grab it's a fake out um
whatever like this cat i don't think for lizards you're gonna be hunting that green
lizard right there you see it oh look the lizard's back yeah you know what that means
yeah you know what that means right what does that mean you don't know what that means no
the iguana being here like i don't i don't think you guys understand what this means for this week
last week we ended off the week with the iguana there's a lot of people watching me
signal and now we started off the week with the iguana every single time the iguana comes
we make money am i right am i wrong do we not in the last challenge there was a ginormous iguana
outside of my window throughout the whole challenge whenever the iguana would pull up
i would win a trade that one's very small more traders i'm just beginning so i mean maybe small
profits small traders small profits the point is that right now we are around uh break even at the
end of the week so we're going to continue to set and forget today there's nothing else that we can
do if trade makes it all the way down here which i do anticipate that it could we should be up
around like 2500 3000 when they count so the ghost still will be hit but it's just kind of
how we got there we kind of we got we got we've been a bit rough yeah we got beat up yeah we got
a little beat up so for now set and forget and we'll update you guys in a couple hours
oh my god
so imagine if i wouldn't have touched it you would have missed
our boys trade update you know now we're talking so right now we are at that looks good that looks
good so we're technically in the same property we were yesterday when we were playing basketball
just like this yeah but we hadn't lost the key what the keys to play basketball you said it
yourself yeah it's the same thing as yesterday it just sucks bro like right now if we didn't
take yesterday's loss we would be uh playing basketball except for
profit that's still continually patterned for you that's the secret to success
i'm not i'm not doing any financial advertisement over here boy
so we have here very clean left head right shoulder we came up retested the neckline
rejected the ema after the ginormous liquidity grab we had a continuation move to the downside and
daily time frame looks like it's going to close very strong and that should continue our bearish
move to the downside for the rest of the week which is literally doing the exact same move as
gbp cad gp cad had the strong move now i had the retracement so we could possibly sell again
tonight if we close on your aud pad and yeah basically we're four for four this week so every
single market we predict has gone in our direction we haven't really caught any so we're just waiting
on that aside from that set and forget market update it is currently 3 p.m est market's about
to slow down right now so we'll probably hit the sauna right now a little bit more basketball and
we'll check back in later tonight yeah later tonight free london session set and forget
that's first right three you're gonna give this again
it's a mismatch watch this what do you want a three two three three three from right there
yeah five one one what do you want a shot or a layup what are you gonna miss what do you want
a shot or a male you gotta hit your shoes surprise me surprise you it's the hustle the hustle
six one six one what do you want this game point right here it's the seven yeah what do you want
there you want holding up post you up now i'm going to go
on that
now i cannot go i want my knees to stay in place look over here
right yeah wow sir a little bit of a space no
a little bit all right yeah all right boys so market update for
anticipation for london session are you ready for tonight i'm ready you sure you're ready to stay up
tonight the whole night the whole night remember if we don't wake up tonight for london session
or you don't wake me up if there's something ready in the market i know i know what happened
yeah i already did happen i know yeah we got to drive the beat yeah understand that right i got
you okay so right now aud cad despite the wake up or the liquidity or the margin call
whatever we got into almost the same entry right now we're up about a thousand total balance is
1600 right now the structure is being very strong we've had a very massive liquidity grab which took
everybody out then we'll continue to happen to the downside left hand right shoulder retest and
neckline so i anticipate that we're going to sell off of this area here to continue going to the
downside we might add entries here but my intentions are to continue to hold gbp cad despite
us predicting the whole entire move we somehow still managed to have a massive retracement to
the upside i don't love this daily price i
action but i might have an interest in selling from this structure level here
for our time frame is pulling up to this area of interest i guess some rejections here how we did
here i'm going to be interesting and then potentially selling and then lastly is going to
be euro gbp which we have a strong inverted head and shoulders we're going to wait for the retest of
this neckline along with the ema for us to have the price head to the upside this looks like a
trade for next week i'm not going to lie but it is very strong nonetheless so for now set and
forget set your alarm for like one in the morning
three in the morning i'll pull one two and three just in case one two and three if gbp cad
gives us some rejections from this area wake me up i got you and if aud cad gives us some strong
rejections from this structure point right here like this closes and engulfing or any strong
rejections you know what you're looking for wake me up if not you got it but if not just let me
sleep and you can stay awake today all right trade update and three two one all right so trade update
We're anticipating earlier has officially hit our full take profit zone
So hit our take profit for our corner right here, and we're all 2300 on the account
We're gonna close all the positions right now. I'm not home
I'm not with you can have a barbecue with the boys G can stay home and we're gonna close all the positions live right now for
2300 close right here
Close opposition
Check back in
We woke you up you fell asleep a little bit early so you can wake up for London
You still might have to wake up for London. That's fine. Just letting you know trade update
So you guys saw I just closed it at the barbecue. I was that so just to show you guys in a better quality
Close the account close the trade at
2300 and profit so this is where we are right now in the account on
2300 so let me show you guys how it's looking AUDCAD basically for my last trade update
Had a beautiful rejection from this area
Exactly where I was potentially looking to add a position, but was out of session
So I did it it might take profit to the T like look at that
That is literally to the PIP that is
Perfection at its finest and I actually closed it a little bit above here's less than what I wanted to originally but fine
No big deal. We got out where we should have and trade is complete now
I'm gonna be waiting for some
Retracements to potentially sell even into more sells
GBP CAD as of right now has not gave us the rejection from here and wanted to so we're gonna place on the
Arm here for once it breaks and read this under to them. So you're a GP
We're still waiting for the retracement back into this area and GBP NZD is having a very strong rejection here
Which we might enter a trade tonight in London session
So this candlestick is gonna close in the next hour and a half
So that's gonna be out one in the morning, right?
So one if that candlestick closes like that how it is right now one in the morning
Pull the door down. Don't worry. Trust me. We cannot miss another trade the goal for the week was to be at
3,000 okay
We're at 2,300 if we never lost that original trade at first that I know we would be at 3,000
We don't want to have waked out
I know we'll be like almost 10 because it was like 6 then this
2300 will be really good if we were to close the first trade at like 5,000 in profit
I would have risked the full 5,000 plus the one so we'd probably be like a 15. That's insane like 15 17
But oh, it's okay. It's fine. No big deal right now. It's 1130 at night. We're gonna be waiting for
London session to kick in and yeah, so I'm gonna shower now and I'll see you
It's ready if it's ready
Yeah
So if you get a strong rejection from this candlestick right here you let me know and the AUD CAD if you retest this area
Here like if I doubt it's gonna do it
But if it has a nice pull back into this area to then retest the neckline of this head and shoulders right here
You know this left head right shoulder. So kind of like this area right here
I'm gonna have my alarm set up to just in case I'm gonna put an alarm right around here to let me know and if
GBP NZD closes below this right here, then I will potentially be interested in selling. Alright, let's do it. Good night
For me
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen market update right now 2 16 in the morning and would you look at that? No missed calls
David lost a lot of weight. Where's David? Guess what happened?
And this is gonna cost
I had an idea to wake him up with that. We have a big-ass fireworks that were left over from New Year
We're gonna put them inside the room. It's it was thought about it. We probably kill them
They literally explode that went to our house. So we're gonna wake him up in a bit more excitingly
But nonetheless trade update market did exactly as I said right now we are up about
1,700 bucks. So almost 100% of what we decided to take so market trade of it. We had price pull up to this area
We had a ginormous
Doji rejection candlestick exactly what I wanted for us into the tray
So David was supposed to call me at 1 in the morning to take this trade. Guess what? He did it
I was taking a shower at that time and I saw the trade closed like that
I took the trade immediately and waited for his call, but he never woke up
You would have missed out on this opportunity
This is the exact same shit that happened to us on GBP cash
If you look at GBP cash GBP can literally pulled right back up to the exact same level
I had to push. I had to push. I had to push. I had to push. I had to push. I had to push. I had to push. I had to push. I had to push. I had to push. I had to push. I had to push. I had to push. I had to push.
I could have easily taken GBP CAD here which would have been my revenge for this
But you know what I was liking more the technicals on GBP NZT and update on AUD CAD
And price is just continuing to go to the downside
But this has created our perfect entry confirmation right here on the one hour beautiful one hour bearish and gold candlestick
We went to the trade right after this two hour doji wick fill and it's a great trade. Honestly great trade
Everything is looking decent
We're about to
Double up by to be a hundred percent in profit just avoid David didn't wake up. Let's go wake him up. Shall we?
He's in the other house
To fucking thousand dollars David he decided to fall asleep and not wake up and wake me up for this
I had to wake myself up. I thought I counted on you brother. So now we're gonna wake you up
You're supposed to wake up for London, brother
Bro, it's 2 30 in the morning, bro
Your suppose to wake me up
Wow
Woah, I got into the trade alright you got into yeah overlap. So we're up a thousand nine hunder on the outcome
Look at this. Your supposed to wake me up as soon as we get that for our rejection candidates. What's what pair are we on?
Gale
Ok, see that brother will happen, bro
Now you got to do something now
No
No
We got to figure out what he's got to do to make up for his for himself not being
Accountable
24 no
That's not hard enough. No, you got to do something. Then you got to pay the price
Well, honestly, you can go back to sleep now. Okay, I already entered the terrier. So it's not good
so right now trade update rejecting this area very nicely and
It's pretty much it
Yeah
So back in the office, so we woke up David honestly just for the content
We really didn't have to do that. Honestly, you know, I could probably close right now. Should I close right now?
I mean, how's it hit you?
Yeah, the goal for the week was 3,000. So we're way above our goal. Yeah, that's your goal for the week
But nobody did you take profit in the trade? No, the take profit in this trade will put us at about eight thousand dollars
Seven forget good night. Let's hope tomorrow we wake up and we're not out of the break even
This is fucking bullshit, bro. You get it, bro. You decided to fall asleep last night, bro
And that shit almost cost us fucking two thousand dollars, bro
Yeah, you almost fucked the whole thing up
So trade update right now. It's 930 in the morning, but yeah, I think we were up at this at one fucking point like
$4,000, bro. I was knocked out. Yeah trade update right now
So GP pad funny enough, but this trade this fucking trade is literally doing the same thing as last time
When it took us out and gives opportunity came back and I just rejected again
Like I could have just entered this trade right now again
I just don't have that type of opportunity because I'm still holding this position right?
You're a GP just this this thing just rocketed never stopped a you D CAD had the pullback
exactly how I anticipated into this area and is now having a sell-off and then lastly
GBP and GD so yesterday after we entered the tree
We just continued to hold and the trade continued to have a push to the downside
So right now?
from the looks of it bro i hate to be this guy and say this but i i believe it's gonna have a
push to the upside like i literally believe it's gonna have a full-blown retracement and like go
back into like breaking the destruction i just don't believe that the daily has enough momentum
to keep it going bro what do you what do you think i'm starting to get scared now too i mean
the daily timer has a strong daily doji like that's good but it's not enough i mean bro we
can do some dgen shit right hear me out hear me out all right it's day four turning a thousand
into a hundred thousand and we gotta do some dgen shit right now we have a decision to make before
the market closes that can change fucking everything are you done you know i'm always
something kind of sus all right so we could potentially close gbp mzd right now and then
what and then answer gbp cat because secondly we would be at our goal for the week right and the
thing is i don't know if these opportunities are going to be this hot next week you know so if
they're hot this week i want to take advantage of it this week so we would close this position
right here at about 2000
in profit and then we would enter this one immediately i do believe this is going to have
a strong pullback honestly and i don't think that it would make sense to continue holding this
full versions close there you go as of right now you guys can see here we have our next close
position gbp mzd for an extra 2000 and right now the account is sitting at 4300 so we're going to
immediately jump into this other fucking cell right gbp cat we're getting our revenge you think
what you did to me was funny huh you think what you did to me was funny no
it didn't do it to me it did it to us you and i you and i to you and me thing here laughing to the
both of us at the same time what uh i i think we should just call it over a week bro honestly dude
we just turned a thousand dollars into 4 300 bro in like a day so i think we're gonna call it a
week here boys now we're gonna set and forget and we should do something today we should get out the
house but we haven't really got enough not at all you should have done it bro yeah you should have
taken the fucking train man look at this it's okay yeah
happens. But you want to know what happened? A bigger mistake happened. The GBPNZD trade that
we have taken, we have to officially disqualify it. We have to withdraw the profits that we made
from GBPNZD because we did not send that out in the WhatsApp and Telegram. And the way this
challenge works is every single trade that I take inside of the challenge, I have to share with you
guys completely for free. If I don't share it, I cannot take the trade. So let me show you guys
here the Telegram channel where we're going to be sharing all of the trades, which by the way,
the link for you guys to follow this journey is in the bio. You can join the WhatsApp or Telegram
where we're literally sharing and giving all these trades completely for free, right?
This morning, I updated that we had GBPNZD, the explanation of it. Last night, I did a video.
We sent it right around 10 p.m. EST, explaining the markets I'm interested in trading and the
breakdown of it. And then I realized here, I only said AUD, GBP, and Euro.
I did not send GBPNZD. If you notice here in the morning, I did AUD, GBP, Euro, GBP, but NZD.
I fucked up. We did. We fucked up. So you fucked up by not waking up. I fucked up by not sending
the trade that was executed that night. So I thought about it and we asked the people in our
community and the simplest solution to it is simply withdraw. We're drawing. The profits that
we made on GBPNZD for about, how much was it? It was like 19 something. Like 19. Yeah.
19, almost $2,000. We're going to withdraw that money. And as soon as we withdraw it,
then what we do is we just pretend like we never took that trade. Yes. Keep going from there. And
we keep going from the $2,300. For that update, GBPNZD. So we actually closed up here at that
line. So we would actually probably made like an extra $2,000, $3,000, which ultimately would
have not mattered because since we did not send the trade, it's not going to count. We would have
to just withdraw more. That's it. Which is fine, right? Free money. But it fucks up like our
psychology because we see more money on the MetaTrader account or whatever. AUD,
slowing down. EuroGDP, nothing. GBPCAD, having the exact approach from the area,
how we've been anticipating. This is where you're going to be facing out of next week. Okay?
Good. All right. So we're going to go into our client portal. Total right now we have in the
account 4,363. This is the G challenge and we're going to withdraw. All right. So this is the
amount. 1,976. So we withdraw those profits and that puts us back at the
amount balance that we had before we took GBPCAD. This is showing you guys how transparent and how
legit we're making this challenge. If it were to be somebody else, it'd be like, ah, you know what,
let's count it here. They wouldn't even have addressed it to begin with. Exactly. They were
just like, ah, whatever. But us, there you go. Success. Withdraw successful. And then our actual
balance is 23.87. Yeah, it shows right there. It shows right there. 23.87. Perfect. All right.
So with that being said, let's mark it up to that 1pm. Let's see where today takes us. All right,
guys. Market update. It's 3pm EST. So the market is pretty much slowing down after having the head
and shoulders. Let's go run some errands that we got to do today again. But today is going to be a
little bit more humiliating for both of us. You know what? We deserve this because I made a mistake
and he made a mistake. We're paying for it together. When is Monday again?
Bullshit round of gas, bro. You have to push it over here, bro. From where? From like off the
bridge. Hey, bro, I drive a Bugatti. Do you think like I want to be doing this? Well, it looks like
it since you want to be not sending trades to the community. It's my fault. I'm holding myself
responsible. All right. So we're in Brickell. So usually I, I got literally parked in the same
parking spot. My Bugatti. And we're here in the Vito now. Yeah. So I mean. The Punisher. I know,
but technically, you know, we did make some like, oh shit, I just got an alarm.
Okay, look, so GBP CAD right now is having a retest of that neckline and the daily time frame
has closed. Basically exactly what I anticipated. Well, it's about to close with that daily doji.
So we're still good. We still have an opportunity to make some money before the weekend. And we
kind of just come out here to chill because we technically followed our plan. Yeah. But we got
to come in the Punisher because we technically did also. It's like a balance. Hey, it's a balance.
Correct. Have you ever been to Brickell? No. I'll show you around a little bit.
Hopefully, we go home before traffic or we'll probably hit a workout somewhere here,
and we go back home. Bro, those look fire. Those look fire. Fire.
Oh, bro. Those are the ones. Those are the ones. Those are the ones.
Yeah. Those are the ones, brother. See. That's the secret sauce right there. You guys don't know
this. Ooh. You know you know. But we're going to take some coconuts.
Ooh. So sometimes.
outside having fun this happens to us right so this is uh and we're supposedly being punished
i know right we're supposed to be punished so we're not gonna make the mistake again but us
actually going getting away we fucked up because we're not in front of the computer i'm i'm not
gonna lie this has been an extremely volatile week right no no i've noticed like we have like
20 different entries yeah and that usually does not happen every single entry has happened like
to perfection yeah we called it every single every single one has gone the same way that
we predicted technically we haven't lost a trade okay technically because i consider a lost trade
when we say something's gonna go up and it goes down so let me show you guys what's going on right
so as of right now 10 0 7 at night trade update still no new trades gbp cad we anticipated a
perfect reaction from this area to sell price retested it sold exactly how we anticipated
it's just fucking crazy how we didn't enter it not gonna lie we would have not entered it one
because we were out of the office not saying we don't take trades out of office but we're just
we're not in the
in the environment and we also weren't in the session like that happened at 7 pm est to me all
that cares new york london i don't care asia tokyo japan so we completely avoided this win
which is never really a good thing next is euro gbp price never retested how we wanted to so we
never took the trade aud cad this is fucking insane this is the trade that we entered up here
and then it had to push to our take profit and i've been explaining to you guys this trade is
massively bullish and we can expect more move to the downside and look at that we
missed out on basically doubling our profit by simply setting and forgetting and you know what
it's okay because i believe this trade is setting up a very strong trade for next week so we can time
from his closing very bearish daily time during the very bearish this trade is a big trade for
next week and lastly is gbp ndd so we were in these cells we closed the position and after we
closed it look at that would it came back and took us at a loss if we would have hypothetically held
all the way to..
profit here which truthfully what we did right because a little bit earlier out of all these
markets right now there's only one that we're interested in taking it's gonna be gbp mzd okay
for tonight i got you i you don't even have to mention it you gotta wake up tonight i got you
all right i already put so what happened was i was telling him that the rookie mistake that i did
and i mean of course everybody has done it you know when you set the alarm to be like at six
in the morning and you don't wake up at six in the morning because the alarm never sounded because
the alarm was at p.m exactly that's what happened that's what happened so you i mean i put the alarm
at p.m so of course it didn't sound it's not that i didn't wake up is that nothing woke me up i think
something woke you up you know i mean that's that's different that's different kind of sucks
too i'm not gonna lie now that i said it that way the point is if you don't wake up tonight let's
say we're gonna have another strategic way on how to wake you up only if like you can wake up wake
me up only if gbp mzd somehow manages to come back into this
area
in order to give us an entry right so this trade technically already happened i want to basically
enter this exact same trade right here so right now four hour time frame having a massive bearish
and golfing candlestick this kind of closes in two and a half hours if when this closes and
then around one two in the morning we start pulling back up i'm going to potentially be
interested in selling so right now it's just being extremely volatile and i'm going to put my alarm
at the high of this candlestick right here they're going to be notified so
if it were to pull back we'll be entering okay so you can be we're looking for sales and everything
else is pretty much cooked that is the market update 10 pm est i'll see you in the morning
well hey baby did you wake me up all right boys so we're going to do a trade up to today
in david's office oh ha ha ha technically my office but i let it today i'm just i'm just
leasing it for now this is my favorite office i'm not gonna lie i smell it
like when i actually like do this is why i spend the majority of my time i understand why
all right so right now it's 4 pm est as you guys can clearly see usually we'll do the trade updates
a little bit earlier but honestly last night david was basically trading london i was up as
well a little bit just kind of being there making sure that the trade was going to present itself and
obviously luckily we decided to avoid that loss and this is uh basically what happened last night
is i was watching this trade to have this break and retus of this area price never gave me some
continuation momentum so as we're watching this trade last night we just kept watching it trickle
up to go up to grow up and we just basically avoided this trade as a whole aud cad last
night had pretty much a consolidation around the bottom here after this massive push euro gbp did
end up having some accumulation in a little bit breaking retest under but truthfully i'm not
really that interested in it until next week and gbp cad was still not Core negative so i was looking
out behind the corner of this trade and we saw an up that was a lot of interest from the bottom
honestly the monster where it just continued plummeting to the downside after and then having
a little bit of a retracement so no trade last night no we did not how did it feel to stay up
and not do anything just be looking at the computer all night how did that feel
i mean i didn't feel anything at all like to be honest no no i mean it was it was like
interesting to be how london actually moves but like the fact that we didn't do a trade
nothing i mean good because that's like the quicker you normalize that the better right
because it's gonna be like the more you do the more tired you get like i'm tired right now i
felt like i slept two hours last night i woke up today at like 9 30 10 in the morning and now it's
kind of when i'm like gonna need that midday nap again but that kind of like compounds over time
imagine staying up every single night not saying you have to but am i just staying up every single
night for the whole entire week like that kind of that's that makes a compound interest there
so a lot of people are curious on our risk management plan for the challenge right because
you
next week is due yeah and you want to kind of know what you should be aiming for and that's
right be ready for so this week technically we turned 600 bucks into 2300 because we took
the loss and we re-entered around 600 bucks we aim to have a one to two one to 2.5 risk
reward this is the conservative setup where we risk anywhere from 60 to 80 percent and
we love to pretty much double slash 2.5 every single week we just need technically four
more weeks with four more winning trades at a one to two point breast one to two point
five risk reward or the little bit more aggressive slash conservative it could be a one to three risk
to reward slash one to four where then we would risk the same sixty eighty percent but we're just
targeting more risk to reward bro next week we're gonna do this bro all right that's what
the i'm saying right that's right yeah squeeze hard bro squeeze you squeeze hard
no you squeeze hard you squeeze hard but you have a bigger hand it doesn't mean that i'm stronger but
that means ladies and gentlemen make sure to follow the journey no set it for seven for seven
forget two so don't forget two no you set them forget first and then then you follow the
journey you said this is your first time in miami right uh-huh you've never been out of a boat in
miami in miami or in the whole world i mean you've never been on the boat at all you're scared of
the water what the i mean we're gonna be on top of the boat right so but are you scared of the
water in general no no how do you know you've never been out in a boat because i mean i don't
know but i don't think so i don't i don't really think i'll be scared you know how to swim yeah
in a pool let's find out before we go out on the boat we have some duties we gotta take out our
eggs make sure that we have breakfast for tomorrow i have about 25 chickens here every single day we
probably get 30 eggs honestly
this is the first time out on the boat how is it
where are you sure
you told me to wear pants who told you to wear pants bro i don't remember who it was
but somebody told me to wear pants he's living the life he's living his best life look at this guy
yeah i was like what the is going on bro
what's going on how do you feel right jump right and i saw the boat and i saw your hair
your luscious hair
you're good yeah of course of course gee congratulations gee good luck i applied to the
same thing too hey yo bro it's like i always see you out here bro you just living your best
life bro i'm trying to get like you i mean you're living your best life you're out here bro hey but
this is my job though i'm trying to be on the boat bob and i'm trying to own it hey but listen
you're a big exploration everybody always tells you you know what i'm saying but i just wanted
to tell you i train as well you know what i'm saying watching your bro is like yeah yeah you know what i'm saying watching yo shit bro it's like .
you know seven years ago you know what i'm saying what was i really doing i was doing that
hey guys keep grinding keep pushing bro don't ever give up i promise you it's not that hard
it's simple right but it's a little bit complex because all you got to do is do the same shit
every day that's the hard part that's the hard part right because when you don't want to do it
it's hard to do it that's what discipline comes in this man ain't do all this shit just because
he had the motivation motivation do that shit because you got to lock it you got to do it
listen this is what say that i always say if you don't lock it you don't have to clock it
yo yo you speaking some shit it's facts because at the end of the day you do not want to die
you don't want to be on your deathbed saying bro what if i would have just gave it a shot
what if i would have just been like
fuck
let me just go all in because at the end of the day the same people that's having opinions with
you now they're gonna be in the same deathbed with you later and they're gonna be like fuck
having the same thoughts what if i would have done it so at the end of the day bro just do you
why the fuck didn't do what you gotta do because listen the worst case is that you started at
square one regular working a regular job my job ain't that regular but listen i'm blessed i did
i'm not like alex i'm trying to get like alex but listen
y'all gonna get there one day don't compare yourself comparison to the thief or joint just
be grateful for where you at thank god every day you know what i'm saying to listen you've
got something you want to work towards keep working towards it don't worry about it just
keep working towards that right promise you it's gonna work out because all you gotta do is believe
yourself you know what i'm saying if you can't believe in yourself how are you gonna expect the
next man to believe you you know what i'm saying most people don't even believe in themselves so
you can't do that either but other than that y'all have a great day much love vlog y'all keep doing whatever else u gon be ready to do and i'll see ya later
Y'all keep doing y'all think Alex. Yo, you already know man. Keep doing your thing Kevin man. I'll be people you too, man
I'll be grinding, bro. Hey
I'm gonna shake your hand
Bro appreciate you man. Listen, I know it I know it's good. I think I'll here's my army for me
Don't let these people get to you. Obviously. They're just mad. They're very worthy you
You already know
The thing about it that people praise you when you already made it don't praise you when you need it back there
But at the end of the day, we can get what we can. You got the right mindset, bro. You got the right drive
Just keep it going, bro. I'll see you up here, bro. Hell yeah. Yes, you will
He says some facts, what'd he say if you don't lock in you're gonna fucking clock in bro
That was really shit that guy just said
Look at this guy
He's seasick right now. He's like


==============================
VIDEO 024 — I made $346,000 in 1 trade to prove it’s not luck (full breakdown)-phphBbRex1M
==============================

In this video, I'm going to explain to you exactly how I made $345,000 in one single trade.
So you guys can see it right here. This was on April that I had my biggest trade ever.
And as you guys can see, there might be one, two, three, four, five, six different positions.
And you're probably asking yourself, why is there so many different positions?
Why don't you just take one big trade?
That's simply because I cannot execute the big of the lot size that I would want to in one single position.
Why? Because the slippage would be ridiculous.
The market simply does not have access to liquidate that position within seconds as I expect it.
So what I place is a 90 lot every single five, six seconds.
So the market has time to catch my trade and I don't catch slippage.
And this is pretty much why I have to divide the trade in six different ways.
Because what I'm risking, obviously, I'm trading a really big account.
That's the proportion to two, three, four percent of the account.
So to keep it in a very simple analogy, it's like if you were to want to travel to, let's say, Mexico.
And when you travel to Mexico, you're going to be there for a month.
You have to take a lot of your clothes.
Well, you can't fit everything inside of one luggage.
Just simply doesn't happen.
It's not going to work.
You have to take about five, six different carry ons, book bags, whatever, to make everything fit.
But it's all going to the same destination, which is Mexico that you're going for the trip.
In this case, we were taking the same exact trade.
We were selling GBP.
We were just entering the same exact position, just a bunch of different little entries.
So if you were to go to Mexico, you're on the same plane, on the same route.
You're just having a bunch of little carry on bags versus literally having to have a vehicle full of clothing that realistically that can't happen because it doesn't fit on the plane.
It's just not going to happen.
Well, same thing in the market.
I can't take one big position because the market's not going to liquidate it.
It's not going to execute and the slippage is going to be ridiculous.
So now that you understand that, let me actually break down the trade.
And exactly what I did in order to make three hundred and forty five thousand dollars.
So let's begin.
All right.
So now that we're here in the market, this is the actual trade that made me three hundred and forty five thousand dollars.
As you guys can see, we are currently on the daily time frame on GBP CAD.
And this trade took about one to three and a half days to play out.
So I am more of a intraday day trader slash swing trader.
But trades like this happen.
All of the time in the market.
And I've been honestly mastering these lately where I pretty much only have to hold for about two, three days.
And it gives me a beautiful one to two risk to reward.
So in this trade is where I had the biggest trade set up that I have ever had.
But it's a very textbook trade.
Anybody could have caught this.
And the way you simply have your profits is deciding on what you're going to risk.
So I'm going to actually explain to you how I identified this trade and how I capitalized off of it.
So.
First things first, before I enter any single position, I need to understand the trend of the market.
What is the market doing?
So in this example right here, the market was bullish.
The market in this example right here, it was creating higher highs and higher lows.
Very simple, very straightforward.
You have a higher high, higher low, higher high, higher low, higher high.
And then as you can see right here, the market shifted bearish with this humongous.
This bearish candle.
Now, this market now went from being bullish to now completely shifting and now being bearish.
So if I were to simply get this line chart right here that we literally just drew, which is the same exact market structure, but just on the line chart.
Or if we were to actually just put the line chart, you can see obviously the same thing.
This just looks a lot more clear.
You can see how this market created a head and shoulders.
So head and shoulders are massive.
They're massive reversal patterns.
And obviously, the higher the time frames that these happen at, the better.
So as you can see, this head and shoulders has happened at a high of the market and has had a humongous bearish engulfing candlestick, breaking the neckline, confirming it is a head and shoulders.
So you only have a valid head and shoulders once you have broken the neckline and it's created.
But now you can't enter a position on the bottom of the move.
You have to wait for the retracement.
Of the neckline of the head and shoulders to then enter the trade.
This is where price is going to retest the neckline and then obviously the trade will then head to the downside.
Well, that is exactly what we did right here.
We waited for price to come back and retest the neckline of the head and shoulders along with an area of interest.
But all of this was identified by first things first.
This is market structure.
As soon as you understand where the market structure is.
Is headed, you will understand where the rest of the trade is going to be.
But without you knowing where the market is headed, you simply do not know what you're going to execute.
So not only did we have a daily head and shoulders pattern, if we were to go down to the four hour time frame, you can see how the four hour time frame was in a beautiful, bullish channel.
Even though I hate to use these things because they're super subjective, but just to keep it eye candy and very obvious, you can see how we're pretty much going upwards.
We were in a beautiful, bullish market trend.
And as you can see, we had a breakout of that beautiful uptrend.
Not that this channel matters, not that we use this ever, but it's just so you can visually notice that this market is bullish and that this market was heading to the upside.
Now, what we are going to do if the market is heading to the upside, we're going to buy because that is what the market structure is doing at that point.
And we were actually entering buy positions while this market was going up.
But this market then shifted, which is at this point right here.
It's where it had this humongous sell off.
And it's pretty much the breakouts of this channel, which is the breakout of the market going up or going down.
And then as soon as you have that breakout, you can't enter at the lower low of the breakout.
Pretty much the move is gone.
You have to wait for price to have a retracement.
So here's where I went down to the four hour time frame.
I identified my area of interest and area of interest.
I identified by a zone that has three or more touches.
An area of interest is only valid if you have three touches or more.
Now, the touches have to be with the body candlesticks.
You can have them with the wicks, but you have to just simply ask yourself,
would you rather enter a trade that it has a rejection from a wick or from a structure point?
What do you think is stronger?
Obviously, the structure point, the wick is pretty much like the trail and the trail is not what you want
to base off your market structure move, because if you notice this exact move right here,
we can count this wick right here.
And when we were to go to the market structure, that simply doesn't exist.
Why? Because it's just a wick.
It's a trail. It's not real in a way.
It's just you show it's just the market showing you where it was in the past.
But it's not where it actually closed in real time.
The trail should never be used as a point of an area of interest.
You only want to use the market structure.
So now that we identified this area of interest right here because we have
this structure point right here, this is one.
Then we have this structure point, which is two.
And then we have this structure point, which is three.
Now we have a valid area of interest.
So now we have the daily time frame bearish for our time frame bearish.
And now we have a solid area of interest along with daily head and shoulders.
Notice how I have just added.
Four reasons on why we should enter this
trade to the downside versus continue to buy to the upside.
Because again, remember, at the end of the day,
the market is going to simply go up or it's going to go down.
It's going to do one or the other.
If it ever does something,
you let me know, please, because I have not seen the market do that yet.
So when the market is going to go up or down, you just simply find more reasons
on why it's going to go down rather than up.
It's really that easy.
So based off of what we have just identified,
it just simply makes sense as of right now,
with four different reasons why it should continue to go to the downside.
So once prices had this pull back to the area of interest,
I go down to the four hour time frame and then I start pretty much looking
at what else can I add as a reason in order to enter the trade.
Now, obviously, I have a whole entire checklist with my strategy that I pretty
much check off every single time I'm looking to enter a trade.
If certain things don't check off, I simply do not take the trade.
So as you can see, we also have
an added confluence, which is our EMA is under the price,
which is good because the EMA is used as a dynamic level of support and resistance.
But it's an indicator.
So this indicator, if price is under its resistance to continue to sell,
if price is above it, its user support, it should continue to go up.
Well, not only do we just shift out of the channel, but now we are under the EMA as
well. So it's an added confluence and now we are five reasons on why we should be
entering this trade to the downside.
And just to show you a very simple example right here, when this market was
in this bullish channel at this point, you guys can see how the EMA was holding
up price while it was inside of this bullish channel.
So the EMA works as an added confluence
to be used as a dynamic level of support and resistance.
It doesn't always have to touch it perfectly.
It's just to have your perspective and your
perspective, so you can notice, hey, we are above it.
That's another reason why we should enter the trade or avoid the trade.
So after we identify that we have price
under the EMA, I want to come into the live price of where price actually is.
Well, once we are here at this point, this is where I was actively looking
at this trade, I'm like, well, this pattern looks familiar.
And if you've seen the candlestick buy or super basic trading stuff,
you can tell that this right here is a
beautiful double top formation.
Now we have a double top formation
at a area of interest at the neckline of the head and shoulders under the EMA.
This is pretty much is telling us it's going to go down.
Like, why would this go up with all those reasons?
Find me a reason on why this should go up versus down.
There's not that many.
Or if there is the ones to sell outweigh the ones to go up.
And that's all you need in order to have an edge in the market.
So this is where.
I identified a beautiful double top, but obviously after this humongous
bearish candlestick, I cannot take the trade.
So this is where I waited for price to have a pullback into this neckline
of the double top and at this point right here is where I executed this position.
So I executed this position at this point right here where we had created a little
bearish engulfing candlestick, which is by far.
My favorite entry signal.
I will not take a trade if I do not have a bullish or bearish engulfing candlestick.
And once I saw this bearish engulfing
candlestick pretty much executed the trade right there at that spot.
So you guys can see that we are having a
stop loss above the EMA and above other stuff.
So literally it right now kind of annoying.
The spread is so fucking crazy, bro.
I fucking hate it.
But it is what it is.
It's part of the game because as you can see, price was creating.
Higher highs and higher lows.
But then we shifted the structure, pulled back to retest the structure,
retest the neckline of the double top, and then we had a bearish engulfing.
And what else do we have here?
We also have a rejection from under the one hour EMA.
So notice how many things I'm adding to this trade.
That is simply just an accumulation of reasons on why they should go to the downside.
So I simply executed the trade at that point where I had about.
Eight to nine confluences all overall in order to take this position to the downside.
As soon as I execute the position, well, before I execute the position,
I have to obviously set my stop loss and set my take profit because I can do this
whole entire analysis pretty much dedicate a whole week waiting for this to give me
a nice setup. But if at the moment that I'm going to execute
the trade, the risk to reward does not make sense.
I do not take the trade.
I can wait for a trade for six.
Months.
And when it comes to the point to enter, literally as soon as I'm about to hit
the enter point, I'm like, hold on, is the risk to reward worth it?
Yes or no? And in this case it was.
But there's many times where I have had other positions that the risk to reward
is not worth it and I will not take the trade because that is the edge in the market.
If you have a positive risk to reward, you will be successful in trading.
If you do not have a positive risk to reward, you will not be successful in trading.
It is that simple telling you right now.
It took me like four years to figure out fully, but don't let that go over your head.
So I always place my stop loss as soon as I'm going to enter the position
at the point where I believe if the market hits that point, we are now going
to be completely wrong and it's going to go the complete other way.
So I put my stop loss based off of the four hour high point.
So this is the point where I believe if the market body closed above this zone
right here.
Not only would we have closed above the EMA, but we would have closed above or
into the area of interest where price could have used this area as a support
point to then head to the upside. So I placed my stop loss strategically.
If I am wrong on this position, I was wrong as a whole, meaning the market
trend, the structure, everything was just simply not in my favor.
And the market is going to have a complete reversal.
I don't want to put my
stop loss at a point where I can potentially get waked out and then
the market continue to go in my direction because it simply does not make sense.
Let's say if I were to put my stop loss at a point like right here, this,
if the market were to hit that point, the market is still bearish and it's still
under the EMA, still under the structure point, and it's still under the area of interest.
Market can easily have a pullback into this point and then head to the downside
without having the market completely shift.
Then my trade being wrong and perfect example is exactly what happened.
As soon as I entered the trade, literally I'm talking about seconds.
I went straight into drawdown, like immediately into drawdown on this
position, but I strategically placed my stop loss at a point where if it would
get hit, I would be completely wrong. So I gave this a plenty of space and it came
into drawdown. But what happened? All of the reasons on why I'm taking the trade
continued to help and push this trade
to the downside. So we did have a little bit of a push to the upside, but the EMA,
the area of interest, the market trend, the neckline of the head and shoulders,
the structure, everything was now in this favor to continue pushing it to the downside.
The market structure is going to simply follow the trend always.
So this is why I placed my stop loss at a point where it would be very difficult
for it to get hit. And if it gets hit, I am completely wrong.
So then this is where the market is at.
Stop loss. But stop loss is just the first part of it.
Second part is your take profit.
Where are you going to get out? Because I can have my stop loss good.
But if my stop loss is too big and it simply doesn't make sense for my take
profit and I were to have anything under a 1 to 2.5, I will not execute this trade.
I do not execute a trade unless I have a minimum of a 1 to 2.5 risk to reward.
So I strategically place my stop loss at this structure point.
Right here, which I saw as the next point
where the market has had very strong rejections in the past.
So if we were to be looking at this market like this,
which is exactly how I was looking at it before entering the trade, I have to ask
myself, OK, is the market going to come into this point right here,
which is this structure point and have a rejection?
Well, we kind of only have one structure point from here.
So the odds are not really I feel like the market can definitely break through this
area and continue to go. So if the market were to be able to break
through this area, what would be the next area that it can possibly reach where it
can have a reaction from and market have a rejection?
Well, I continue to drag this down, down, down, down.
And then I reach this point right here.
And I notice when I look to the left,
we have one structure point, two structure points, three structure points.
And if we keep looking left, we have four, five, so on and so forth.
Now,
a valid level of support and resistance, right, because an area of interest needs
to have more than three touches, two touches as resistance, two touches
of support, one resistance, as long as it has three structure points.
And this area right here, whenever we are above, we're heading up.
Whenever we're under, we're heading down.
Well, if the market is headed to that point,
that means that we are going to be above that zone.
So if we're going to be above it, I have to get out before it has a rejection
because.
We are above it and I am in a sell position, so I'm pretty much
selling into the lowest points of the ground that I can get to.
I just have to make sure I get out before we hit that lowest point,
because that's where the market's going to have a reversal and then go to the upside.
So this is where I set my take profit because I saw it as the next point where
the market is going to have a reaction from.
And when I calculated my risk to reward, as you can see, it was a one to two point
one. So my ideal risk reward is always
a minimum of a one to two point five, which realistically wasn't much else
when it comes to this trade, but I decided that I was very confident in it
and I was extremely, extremely invested into it due to the fact that
hundreds of thousands of people saw me enter this trade.
And you guys could have literally not said that.
I did not show you guys this literally to perfection.
I literally explained it to you guys, obviously, and throughout the week.
I even said one more trade.
I sent it inside the free telegram.
I've been literally sending it here.
It's literally all here.
It's in the free telegram.
One hundred thousand one hundred forty one hundred forty two thousand.
Holy shit. I said it right here, too.
At the beginning of the week, my mission is I just trade up on my Instagram for
literally a whole entire week that I was already invested into the position.
And there was absolutely nothing wrong with it.
I didn't break one single rule
and I accepted the risk of taking a position with a one to two point one risk
to reward.
That's zero point for not a big deal as long as you have a minimum of a one to two
point five for this trading specifically, I decided to take that risk.
But, you know, luckily it played off and it played off very well.
So this was at the point where I had my take profit set.
So now that I had my stop loss and my
take profit, I realized that, OK, now this trade makes sense.
As soon as this trade makes sense.
Well, now that I'm going to actually execute the position and this is exactly where I
executed the position right there.
As soon as I executed the position, the position pretty much went straight
into drawdown, but I had absolutely no emotion towards it because I know my
stop loss was at a point that it was above the EMA and above the area of interest.
And if it got hit, I would be completely wrong.
And then shortly after that, I can see the market creating little head
and shoulders right here, left head and a right shoulder.
And then as soon as we broke through that neckline, it was pretty much green
light for me, set and forget, let the trade hit your take profit.
But the most interesting part of this was that the position was reaching Friday.
And as soon as the position was reaching
Friday, obviously the market closes, but I wasn't at my full take profit.
And I had a decision to make.
I either close out where I was at that point, where I believe I was at about
one hundred and thirty hundred and forty thousand.
So I held through the weekend.
We were up about I saw a quarter.
I literally saw two fifty up there.
For a second.
And I just put my phone away because I just wanted to focus on this right here.
I see so much potential on this trade right here.
And I just don't want to focus on the money.
Focus on the trade.
So or do I stick to my trading plan and do I hold throughout the weekend?
Now, keep in mind, this is something that I have not done in over eight months.
I have not held a trade in a very long time simply because I don't I don't I
don't need to I usually catch my trees throughout the week and I get out.
And if for whatever
reason, the trade does not reach my take profit by the end of the week,
I just literally close it out there.
The broker fees are ridiculous holding
throughout the weekend and I just simply don't want to pay them.
So I rather just get my profits by the end of the week.
And if it continued to go throughout the other week, so be it.
But for this position, I was so confident in the market structure,
the trend, the area of interest, the head and shoulders pattern, the shift
of the channel that it just simply made so much sense to hold throughout the weekend.
That's where I decided.
To pretty much set and forget.
And as soon as the market opened on the following week, it went immediately all
the way to the next take profit, which was exactly where I had anticipated this
trade out for video.
Yeah, 100 percent.
All right.
So basically, these are all the sales that we're tracking.
You can see there's some they're not.
But you can see how on the way to the take profit, it was creating little head
and shoulders pattern. So this right here is a head and shoulders
pattern right here.
This one is a head and shoulders on the one hour time frame,
which it was all confirming to me that this market will continue to head in that direction.
And this not only gave me more confidence to continue to set and forget,
but it it just confirmed the market structure, the trend that everything I
had previously analyzed is extremely valid.
So this right here is where my take profit was hit.
And obviously, as soon as I close it, I'm
seeing it continue to go to the downside, pretty much rethinking my whole life.
I'm like, well, I could have probably made half a million dollars on this.
But you know what? Did not get greedy.
I simply realized that I took the position that I should have taken and my
take profit got hit and that is the trade and following my trading plan.
Exactly what I had explained.
I placed my take profit at the perfect point that if the market were to hit it,
it would obviously have a push to the upside, because again, whenever we are above
this area, we're heading up, whenever we're under, we're heading down.
So I got out of the position before we
got to that point and had a reaction to the upside.
So I placed my entry perfectly.
My stop loss at a perfect point that if it were to get hit, I would be completely
wrong and I placed my take profit perfectly to the last point that the
market was going to reach to before I had a push to the upside.
And this trade right here, what you see is what I do literally
every single week with my students.
I literally called this trade with my students on Sunday swings because I got
on a call every single Sunday with my students that I give them my top two and
top three pairs that I'm going to be trading for the week myself.
And this is why they're able to generate
anywhere from a thousand to a thousand five hundred dollars a week as a beginner
set and forget trader. So if you don't know what set and forget
is and you want to know more about it, make sure you click the link in the
description below and you're going to know exactly what set and forget is and
how it lets traders make anywhere from a thousand to a thousand five hundred
dollars a week as a beginner set and forget trader.
So if you guys want to see more videos
like this and you guys liked it, make sure to hit that like and subscribe
button, because big trades like this is honestly becoming the new normal.
I had one hundred and sixty two thousand
dollar trade about a month ago and this about two weeks ago.
So I'm excited to see what this year has
to bring and what new records I will be breaking.
So if you guys want to make sure you tune
in, learn and capitalize off of these opportunities as well, make sure you hit
that like and subscribe button and I'll see you guys in the next one.
Set and forget.


==============================
VIDEO 025 — I Tried to Make $1,000,000 in a Week Day Trading-8rqdN1FnY4s
==============================

I tried to make a million dollars in seven days trading and I failed miserably and whether you
believe it or not or you like me or not I have made millions of dollars in the markets
and I want to make something extremely clear whether you think I'm a demo trader or a fake
trader you just don't believe in trading as a whole it's okay because I could actually be the
biggest demo trader not even a actual person that executes trades because there is not tens not
hundreds not thousands there's tens of thousands of people that execute these trades that I am
predicting every single week completely for free like don't take my word for you can literally see
it right here I'm literally just sharing on social media I'm entering this trade you can take it if
you want or you don't if you don't have to where only people like to focus on my wins and call it
fake because it's a lot of money I get it might seem unrealistic but just four weeks ago I lost
$120,000 in one single trade I then lost $200,000 on a second week where I was
on a two-week losing streak then I made it back where I made $350,000 and I literally recorded
all of these trades live you guys could go check it out on this YouTube channel but this last week
I made a $734,000 in one single week and I think more than 15,000 people executed the exact same
trade that I took now if you want to call my trades demo you want to call my trades fake
that's fine but you can't call 15,000 people that they executed and made
money on a two-week losing streak and I literally recorded all of these trades live you guys could
make money on this trade fake because they're happy about it and they want me to keep doing it
and guess what I will so let me break down how I attempted to make a million dollars while I
was trading in Dubai and almost failed and this record-breaking week was no coincidence the week
prior to me actually breaking my record and having this nearly a million dollar trade I do
a recap video for the YouTube video and for my community of how the weekly candlesticks and how
the market closed and as I'm seeing the weekly candlestick close the daily candlestick close I'm
realizing holy this market is actually setting up the perfect trade for the following week so
the week prior to me having this million dollar trade nearly I didn't take a trade because the
market was consolidating for the majority of the week and there wasn't any great opportunities for
next week I see some crazy market opportunities going down when it comes to continuation in this
trade set up but that consolidation was actually creating the perfect setup for the following week
I'm like oh can this not be a better perfect storm because that actual following next week I
have to head to Dubai because there's a big Forex Expo I got invited by a couple big businesses
out there to be a speaker and I said okay you know what I'm gonna go ahead and go to Dubai as
soon as I get to Dubai I realize that it's actually even more of a perfect storm simply
because of the time zone I wake up at 8 in the morning that is pre-London session and I'm
actually awake the whole entire day and I'm able to watch my trade and not have to be fighting my
sleep how I do here on the eastern time zone and that's where I realized that
this was going to be a great week and let me tell you something even if you get business class from
Miami to Dubai with Emirates lay down best service amazing this 15-hour flight is still brutal
and I've done this 15-hour flight multiple times and I know how brutal it can be and I wanted to
come prepared this time around I actually wanted to properly get some sleep on it so when I get
to Dubai I'm like almost connected in the time zone so I'm not jet-lagged for the first time
my team that I'm going with to Dubai convinced me to take melatonin I've never taken melatonin in
my life so I decided to double down and take two of these melatonin shots at the airport right not
not knowing how strong it is I'm falling asleep walking onto the plane like I'm literally walking
into the plane falling asleep get into the lay down I lay down and what I think is 20 minutes
later I get woken up by the by the stewardess and she says hey uh sir can you please lift up
uh we're landing what do you mean we're landing she's like yeah sir we're in Dubai I knocked out
the whole 15-hour flight and if that wasn't enough when we got to the hotel I fell asleep
another eight hours safe to say I'm never in my life again taking melatonin and I was very
well recovered ready to trade this upcoming week so after we wake up the next day after pretty
much sleeping 24 25 26 hours the first thing I need to do in Dubai is get a car and I don't want
another one of these Gurus driving around in a Lambo Ferrari McLaren like we already have that
in Miami and we don't want to just come off the wrong way in Dubai we went to a Ahmed really cool
guy out there Miami rented us a seven series and we thought it was a bright idea the first thing to
do was go to the desert straight out of the rental office go straight into the desert and go be iconic
and find some camels yeah I thought I was in a g-wagon for whatever reason with a 4x4 and we got
that was not fun you mix a black car with 110 degree weather and sand that's a perfect equation
for a up yo we just saw a whole pack of camels bro bro it's stock bro it's exactly
what I said dude whatever let's go get the camel figure this out later so after our humbling
experience in the desert of Dubai wake up the next day around 8 in the morning and I do my market
at 8 40 in the morning which is actually 1 in the morning Eastern standard time right so this is
Friday morning Dubai time 8 a.m and it's 1 a.m Friday night or Friday morning technically and
I don't ever take trades after London session on Thursday or Thursday New York session so we
are literally in the last session of the week right so the market probably has another eight
hours before the last volume ends and I don't like taking trades this close into the closure
week simply because either one there's going to be no volatility from the market or simply the
cost to take the trade is going to be too high so euro usd gave me the perfect head and shoulders
gave me the perfect break of the neckline everything that i wanted to enter the trade
but i said okay you know what it's okay that this trade is doing this here because this is actually
setting up the perfect trade for the following week so that's where i realized that the next
week was actually going to be perfect this is where everything literally came together so i
know euro usd was going to give me the perfect trade to the downside after the retest of the
head and shoulders i know gbp chf was going to be a massive counter turn trade and then we had
aud usd which is going to give me a what i thought was going to be a perfect buy and funny enough i
was pretty much trading against each other i was going to sell euro usd which i'm betting on a
strong dollar and then aud usd i'm buying which i'm betting on a weak dollar now i do this pretty
often because i like to see the difference in the
usd and then i do this pretty often because i like to see the difference in the usd and then
whichever one gives me the cleanest and the best confirmation is typically what ends up happening
that's exactly what happened on that following week and at that very moment i already knew that
those were going to be my top three markets for the week even though we had a clean usd chf gbp aud
gbp usd and a couple of other markets that i break down but i'd say about two out of all those
four markets actually had the move but i wasn't really fully prioritizing them how i did with
the other ones that were my top three for the week i always like to have seven eight markets
for the week and i like to pick my top two or three markets for the week and i like to pick my
top two or three which are going to have the highest probability trade setup which means i have
the lowest risk all right boys all right finally fast forward three days later we are
we're back we're officially here in dubai i don't know if you guys can tell based off of yesterday's
clips or i don't know when i was recording my computer was just completely bugging out
i'm not sure if it was because of the vpns or because of the wi-fis but
boys we are in dubai as we can really speak burj khalifa view
the best of you i don't know i'm just saying whatever the locals say um this is what matters
right here right we we've been trying to trade this whole entire week and the time zones
are honestly ridiculous so right now it is currently 8 40 in the morning dubai time
and it is currently one in the morning miami time it's friday wait what wait if it's 8 41
if it's one in the morning in miami bro hold on what day and time is it in miami what the hell
what day and time is it in miami it is friday 12 okay so it's one in the morning in miami
okay so that means that we are on our final london session wow that that actually changes everything
thank god
this trade right now and i am not sure if i'm ready to take this trade because it's friday we
have a perfect left head right shoulder right now cooking up a beautiful shift to structure
euro usd could have the perfect like if this does not have the move in the next
four hours pretty much maybe even eight hours max we're pretty much cooked right because we'll be at
market close wow wow i really have to make a decision here i might just take this trade
right now uh dude this whole time zone thing is really messing me up i'm really at a sink
this trade right here would be a perfect trade if this were the
tuesday wednesday even thursday but okay because i'm seeing the morning and i i don't even know
what day it is but i'm seeing friday eight in the morning and if it's friday eight in the morning
miami time that means that we are basically headed towards the last four hours of new york
session and the market is about to close but if it's one in the morning miami time
we're about to begin london session so we still have all of london and whatever means something
of new york yes we might take this trade live right now i just don't know if it's worth it
but whatever we have price basically retesting
this area of interest daily time frame broke the structure it has been accumulating for one
two three days beautiful bearish evening star pin bar rejection beautiful beautiful beautiful
beautiful beautiful daily
week i'm anticipating for that week to fill beautiful four hour shift the structure left
head right shoulder retesting that neckline picasso beautiful retracement and now we're
potentially going to be having that bearish engulfing candlestick in the next 60 minutes
i might say it and just enter this trade right now i'm not even gonna lie this trade is just
too nice um gbp chf basically at the beginning of the week we anticipated for this trade from this
area to have a push to the upside and then it come back and have the retest that is exactly what we
have done and right now that we have done this retest we could uh we could anticipate this trade
to have a reaction from this support um yeah this trade is cooking up so fire for next week like
i'm not even yo this is crazy i'm gonna be here in dubai probably for like the next week or two
and this is cooking up the perfect trade for that like this is a perfect trade for next week
usd chf i was waiting for a break and retest for next week and uh it looks like we are currently
up gbp usd same exact thing it looks like we are cooking that up for this following week right now
we are at this we're above this area of support and uh obviously i cannot sell right into this
board i have to wait for price to break below that so it looks like we might have this trade
perfectly into next week um gbp aud nothing this is just uh i mean it had to move basically
the whole entire move happened from this area i think you guys already know that but we missed it
out on this trade it is what it is but we called it perfectly nzd cad we avoided this loss to
perfection so nzd cad i would have entered this trade once again probably a year ago this is a
trade that i've been avoiding pretty often lately we had a pullback into this area i just wanted to
wait for a daily rejection as i would have waited for that daily rejection i would have realized
that price never stopped and we would have continued going to the upside and i would have
avoided this loss even though we had a perfect left head
right shoulder break at a neckline just sometimes my experience requires me to
wait for extra confirmation since sometimes it doesn't and sometimes it works in my favor and
sometimes it doesn't that is the nature of trading ladies and gentlemen it's just that
that intuition and that decision making at that point usd jpy so exactly what i said and we
pretty much come back right below this area of interest we're just going to continue setting
through that zone i've seen a lot of students inside of my community that they actually
seem to be very interested in this area of interest so we're just going to continue setting through that zone i've seen a lot of students inside of my community that they actually see
sold inside of this and they were just they sold back to the bottom of the
zone that was a possibility i've been
traveling the majority of this week traveled for like pretty much like 20
hours and we've been buying the flight like the whole logistics
before and after so i haven't i've just been all over the place this week
so i don't feel like i missed out on much because the market's really having
given me a big move aside from gbp aud
aud usd had the break from this area is now having the retest i think this is
cooking up the perfect trade as well for next week bro next week is going to be
such a fire week here in dubai is crazy too right uh aud
chf yeah nothing really on gbp on aud chf
and euro aud i don't even think i was interested in this
yeah i'm not gonna lie we we might take this euro usd trade but now
factoring in that factoring in that it's
the last lending session of the week i don't like taking trades like this right
let me just put my alarm below here if it does and go for whatever
reason i'll make a decision at that point but
i don't know i don't know
i'm just enjoying the view right now honestly bro this is like this is pretty
bad this is pretty bad now that i think
about it because i i think this i think this week is
setting up the perfect trades like let's say this does not happen this week right
let's say this trade for whatever reason does not happen it decides to consolidate
that sets up the perfect trade for next week and the reason why that is bad
is because i am in dubai
right now i am i'm literally here like i am in dubai and if i actually answer
this trade next week i will make three four five hundred thousand dollars
it's gonna look so fake bro it's gonna look like i'm just
doing some fugazi but i'm not like this is just a perfect trade bro this
is a perfect trade setup this is a perfect trade like i am literally going
to make probably half a million dollars next week
uh how far these markets are loading up my timing to dubai could have not been
better to be completely honest damn i'm just gonna look like another one
of these guys bro i i'm not gonna get like a lamborghini or ferrari i'm not
gonna rent one of those cars out here i'm just gonna
i'm gonna get a bmw or whatever but i'm just thinking
bro this is not good i mean it's good but
i almost want to like i don't even know because i want to
make much i might just do it and not post it because people i don't want
people to think i'm doing some just because i'm in
dubai like i'm actually good you know like i really trade like that
i don't know let's see what happens boys but this is a perfect trade setup
for next week i am not even going to lie i'm very excited for this so i'll
keep you guys updated make sure to set them forget and uh
i'll see you guys in the next couple of hours and the rest of our friday pretty
much consisted of we worked out at the
the gym outside of dubai probably the most commonly known gym it was a
mission to work out there because of how hot it was and then then just a dinner
with some of my team members and kind of just getting used to the time zone
getting ready for the week ahead and on saturday the markets are pretty
much closed so what does a trader do on the weekend
go to the world's deepest pool that's exactly what we did i don't know if you
guys know but i actually free dive all the time
and i broke my record for 27 meters so that's about 90 feet
i super crazy fun fact i could hold my breath for like four minutes that's
like actually one of my superpowers and on sunday we went to go meet up with
the onoho brothers and we just chopped it up got to meet them in person like
we've been e-friends for a very long time like you know text messages
instagram stuff this this gift this one's for you thank
you thank you and then this one is for you appreciate it this one's for like
both of you guys together right thank you this is kind of like a gift
yes leave it or open it why you guys can open it now
i think it kind of fits you guys perfect bro i was trying to get these guys a
gift it took me i think we were walking to them off for like three hours bro i
couldn't figure out what to get you guys it's difficult to give guys like us
gifts i went to prada to get you guys something from prada but this is sick
this is sick this is a hermes ashtray
exotic stuff supposedly i love it man i just appreciate it this is my color man
and i know you like blue so because the interior of the rose that's for you
bro we went to prada to try and get you guys like a bag
and we talked to like your yeah to tracy yeah we talked to the chinese guy yeah
yeah he's the best and he comes in he's like
brother they bought everything and i'm like is there something they
haven't gotten they're like no no to be honest we are tough spenders at prada
uae yeah i swear that's why we got invited for the
i i know you're a man who already has it all but this is
one thing that by far made me the most money in business so
yeah you'll you'll you'll love this one this is for you
what does it say i don't know it's just packaging but
look inside okay let me see so this is what's made you the most amount of
money yeah
who the formula to achieve bigger goals who not how
so the the concept basically explains the fact that instead of
every time you want to do or achieve something or do something new for your
business instead of how do i do this you change it to who can do this
because there are always people already walk the path and since i
applied this in business everything exploded and now we got
companies with a couple hundred employees um you know
autopilot we were even from prison exactly well we were zero involved with
the business still the business runs that was a cool vibe and after we went
home we did a sunday swings with the students
and i literally prepped with my students and i told them guys
this is going to be a record-breaking week we will break the
bank this week the banks the markets will hear of us and this move
and little did we know or little than i know that that was
actually going to come to fulfillment that's why you need to manifest
everything into real life and i posted it on my instagram i literally said
this week i'm going to break my record these are the markets that i'm going to
be trading on instagram i literally post on instagram this is what i'm going to
be doing for the week feel free to take the trade at your own risk but this is
exactly what i'm doing does not get any more transparent than that within i
think an hour 300 000 people saw the video a thousand comments and obviously
some people not believing in it and those people guess what
they still copy the trade and i don't think you guys understand how
sharp and how big this double-edged sword is like i am literally
publicly putting myself on the line saying everybody enter this trade this
is what i'm going to be interested in doing like this can go very good or very
i could look like an absolute fool if i were to lose this trade and if i were
to win it exactly how i did i look great
and i literally explained to the people this is going to move fast this is what
i'm interested in this is why i posted it so soon and that guess what happened
right on monday morning i entered euro usd as soon as we break that neckline on
the head and shoulders and then we entered euro gbp for the counter trend
trade i explained all of this in the video on instagram i shared with it my
everything and i explained to the people exactly what we were looking to the
into the trade within
two hours we had a massive candlestick that actually took place right when i
was inside of the forex expo so at the same time as i'm you know just meeting
random members from the community as i'm speaking to other business owners i
am literally in the middle of a record-breaking trade my community is
going crazy my dms are going crazy i'm getting all this type of of abundance at
the same time i had to lock myself in the bathroom for like 30 minutes just to
like understand what was going on because
it was nine in the morning 10 in the morning dubai time zone as all of this
is happening but then this is like three in the morning est so i just completely
did not have the connection that we are inside of london session in the prime
time and this whole time zone thing happened at the same time which was fun
because i i got to pretty much go the rest about my day with the trade moving
massively but also very overwhelming because i didn't expect for this trade
to move that fast now out of all the markets that i had
in the last couple of weeks so i'm going to talk a little bit more about
the trade and then i'm going to talk a little bit more about some of the
things that i was able to utilize on sunday students with my students
my number one pair was euro usd number two pair was
aud usd number three was euro gbp and four was aud usd
so i actually avoided gbp chf as the counter trend high risk
buy and i avoided the aud usd buy as a loss so these were two losses i
avoided and i actually entered both of the winning trades
and i actually avoided the aud usd buy as a loss so these were two losses i
were breaking that the neckline of the head and shoulders the trade is
absolutely perfect and then euro gbp is setting up the perfect counter-trend
trade after the weekly high massive weekly bearish and golfing candlestick
we're basically entering at the lower high to continue selling down and my
decision making on basically betting that the euro was going to get weak for
that week was what made this the biggest trade so this could have gone the
opposite way if the euro decided to get strong but i'm betting against the euro
with two currency pairs that for the week i saw getting much stronger than the
euro and that affected my trade positively like you can't even imagine all i can say is that
i think this might be my biggest trading week in a very long time and not because of monetary
amount because i decided to do something that i've never done in a very long time and that is
literally share my exact signal on a trade that i'm going to be interested in taking like i'm
going to go on social media and i'm going to tell 200 000 people that watch my stories every single
day like this is not even cap that you can literally look at this this is two hundred
thousand people that see my instagram stories every single day i'm gonna literally tell them
yo buy this sell this and i'm about to break that down with you guys now and you guys are
gonna get the full in-depth explanation because on social media i'm just gonna say
why did i decide to do this i don't know i just wanted to challenge myself honestly i feel like
trading has become very easy for me lately and i've been able to capitalize off of it and do
very well and i just want to help people all around the world i want people to be able to
capitalize off of it and use the money that they make hopefully this week to either you know
get a better trading account uh get out of some debt get better education or just make some money
hopefully right there obviously is a risk associated with this if you want to copy my
trading to understand there's a risk associated with it but i'm going to make sure that i don't
share my highest risk trade setup i'm going to make sure that i do the best trade setup that
it doesn't have the highest probability of losing right i'm not and it's crazy right because out of
share i might share the best pro like the best probability trade setup and it still might be a
loser and the higher risk trade might have been the winner one but you guys are going to get the
full breakdown of every single trade but i do see a very very strong week coming we're here in dubai
right now as you can tell this is the burj khalifa behind me but it's actually in front of
me because it's the reflection of the burj khalifa in the building behind me or the glass
behind me whatever so another reason why i feel very confident about this is because right now it
is technically one in the morning miami time so my day is about to begin and so is london session
so i am very confident not only about my trades but i'm literally going to be fully awake when
these markets give these opportunities in london session in pre-london session during london
session pre-new york session during new york session i'm going to be fully awake because the
training sessions happen throughout the day and i think this is why there's so many traders here in
the big cities that are commonly traded on currency markets because you're literally awake as a
regular person on the prime time that the markets move in miami it's one in the morning right now i
would have to stay up all night for me to catch a decent session in london where here is the
complete opposite you just wake up and have your normal day and you're part of the market so that's
very cool and that's another reason why i feel very confident and i retested this i've been here
for a week already i don't know how much longer i'm gonna be here maybe another week maybe two
weeks i already tested it last week and it worked perfectly
so let's see how it works this week right so let's start breaking it down so my first market
that i'm interested for the week was euro usd euro usd last week i've been very interested
since trading it but right now we are at an all-time high and this all-time high had a
massive liquidity grab with this very strong weekly bearish pin bar breaking through all
these highs we are very much bullish this market has had a very strong clean push to the upside
but we're approaching this strong resistance level that we haven't broken above since 2021
right and right now we are simply just below this level and that is a fact the daily time frame has
currently shifted bearish this was the higher low this is the higher high now we are bearish
retesting this area of interest once again and we've had a very clean daily shooting star evening
star engulfing candlestick now what i see here on the four hour is a beautiful four hour accumulating
at this area of interest this is creating a beautiful left head right shoulder multiple
right shoulders but what i see here at the most important is a neckline
line this neckline of this head and shoulders now i want price to break this neckline of the
head and shoulders and i can enter the trade to the downside this is not quite there just yet i
believe that this market from this point right here could potentially have a clean rejection
from here like maybe this is the exact area where it actually has the push but i need that push and
that retest for me to enter the trade to the upside i want to enter the trade at the bottom
of this area i don't want to enter the trade at the top of this area because
price could basically come use this as support as it's done in the past and then have a push
to the upside i want to wait until price gets below it because clearly whenever we are below
this area price clearly continue going to the downside do i get a little bit worse of an entry
sure but i get a much better confirmation on my trade as a whole that's what i personally want
if i'm going to be sharing with 200 000 people the trade that i'm going to be interested in taking
so i have my alarm set up right here so price notifies me once and if we ever decide to do that
next is going to be nzd usd very similar to euro usd but this one looks much much cleaner
hopefully this week uh this gentleman right here or this gentleman right here
i won't be out for a while but yeah hopefully it doesn't do us dirty in the markets this week
because uh yeah that would not be fun right now nzd usd we have a massive bearish engulfing
candlestick now retesting this structure daily time frame we are now currently retesting this
and now that we're retesting this area of interest i then go down to the four hour
and i see that the four hour is currently potentially creating a head and shoulders
same exact thing as euros d i need to break and retest of this neckline for me to enter this
trade to the downside very simple it's basically the exact same trade this is just a lot further
from this neckline euro usd is a lot closer to this neckline next we have euro gbp this is the
one trade where it is a degenerate trade this is a very high risk trade but i think it might be
ready to take like right now as we speak maybe in the next eight minutes i'd wait probably for
this candlestick to close but left head right shoulder break this neckline retesting it it's
like the perfect counter trend trade setup but that's the problem it's a counter trend trade
setup it is a perfect trade setup for this to literally because like we're expecting for price
to have a retracement to this area right so right now we've had a technically this market is bullish
push up but i believe this needs a better retest of this area before continuing heading to the
upside and last week we had a massive weekly bearish engulfing pin bar candlestick i expect
this week to be the fill of that um we are technically retesting below this minor daily
area of interest right here so this is our resistance resistance support we're retesting it
the four hour time frame probably has the cleanest head and shoulders i've seen
this week this is the cleanest head and shoulders that you can possibly ask for right here
like everything that i would want to take account to trend trade is right here but i don't know if i
want to share a counter trend trade in front of 200 000 people like this is uh not the brightest
idea in my opinion but the trade might be there ah man it's like i love hate thing because you
ask for all of these extra confirmations and then the market does it and then you ask yourself does
it make sense to take the trade or not it's a great question it's a great question i'll wait for it.
i'm going to wait these six minutes and we'll come back to it we'll get through this quick gbp chf
we are basically at the all-time low literally the lowest point we have ever take at the lowest
point we've ever been in this market this is an extremely high risk degenerate trade i do
not suggest this trade to anybody but if you were to take it this is like this is the trade
that i would probably take and not share but this is like the perfect degenerative trade we're at
the lowest point we've ever been the four-hour time frame right now i'm going to be waiting for
price to have a break and reach this above this area here.
so i have this like big bullish candle in case we actually end up doing that uh let me actually
delete this alarm i don't know why there's two alarms here but i i need this alarm to get hit
right around here for this market to let me know once we're shifting rejecting this left head right
shoulder this inverted neckline of the head and shoulders for me to take this trade to the upside
gbp aud i broke this down last night with my students if it closed with a strong engulfing
i'd be interested in selling the trade the trade had a stronger engulfing than i anticipated trade
had a pretty aggressive move not really in the business to chase this trade i literally broke
this down last night on sunday swings with my students by the way if you guys have not
subscribed to this channel literally subscribe to this channel i break down every single one of the
pairs that i do with my students as detailedly as i possibly can i just kind of give you guys
the overview but with my students every single sunday i literally give them these exact trades
a much deeper call on why i'm interested in these markets and why i'm not interested in these other
25 of them
the markets so i give them the breakdown of the ones that make the most sense and the ones that
don't so i find these markets every single week with my students and i actually explain to them
in a much deeper way that i am doing right now why i'm interested in entry some trades and why
i'm not interested in others but yeah if you guys want to know more about that check the link in
description below and hit the subscribe button because i want this channel to be my new way of
educating people in trading with real live raw markets if you guys aren't subscribed
you're not going to get this reminder
we have a perfect weekly bullish engulfing candlestick last week beautiful pro trend trade
retesting this area here like this trade is perfect daily time frame we have a daily
retest of this area break above this area retest of this area right here four hour time frame it
currently seems to be creating a perfect shift of structure this one just looks good as well
oh man i'm gonna be waiting for a little bit of a retest and on this retest that i get an engulfing
i'm gonna enter this straight to the upside i love how the daily looks i love how the four
hour looks i love how i love how this market is just moving as a whole on this area right here
so we're going to wait for this one as well i just moved it up because i actually like this
market a lot igp we broke down euro aud this one i just believe it's just going to continue
going to the downside if the daily could close like this that would be massive because then i
would enter off of the next day i don't want to enter off of today's move i feel like it would be a
impulse move i want this market to have the continuation push to the downside and then i'll
wait for the retest for us to enter this trade to the downside so it'll be a quick break retest and
then i'd be interested in sending basically what we did here break retest sell right now we're
just having that break i'll wait for the retest gbp is yet gbp usd we're going to be waiting for
this to have a proper break and retest so we are yet to do that and the usd chf a proper break and
retest basically once this price breaks and retests this neckline of the headed shoulders
test that's the ema i'm going to be interested in taking this trade to the downside i say right
now my priority is indeed you ad usd euro gbp and the euro usd for itself so let me just bring let
me organize all these markets right here yeah so these are my top three markets right now euro usd
for a cell aud usd for a cell and this is where some people get confused they're like wait but
here you're going to be selling the dollar or yeah basically selling the
buy buying the dollar here you're going to be selling the dollar how do you do that well i just
pick whichever one makes the most sense and then i take it and you guys also have to remember there's
two other currency pairs on this market right here that influence greatly this market so we
can't just take a trade based off of the usd obviously the usd is the stronger currency and
it's going to primarily move this market but these other currency pairs will have a great effect on it
and then we also have the counter trend trade so let me think about it i'll cook it up right now i
know the decision i'm going to take i'll update you guys now so after this first initial push of
the trade moving massively in my direction the trade pretty much started throughout the rest of
the day and showed a couple of the students that were there at the expo that wanted to see the
trade live i showed it to them chat live i showed them my account history showed them that it was a
real account show them everything right because you know some students are like bro i want to
see it it's motivational to see that in person and after doing that basically went out to dinner
once again with the team and the market slows down can you like check out my account history
can you show me a live trade is that possible a live video people are gonna think this is fake
is it a live one what all right it's the wi-fi let it gotta give it a second
you're gonna go on though i'm gonna go on the broker loading 400 it's good can you show any
other other trades you took like possibly another or a broker statement because many people say you
are a scammer so i don't but i don't believe it i hate it from the comments let's let's see the real
money okay so this like the trade's live right okay like i'm in this trade so you're selling
literally posting it right now on my instagram or people are catching it right now what did you
think short on you yeah so look this dude right here look this look like this student in my
community as opposed to one hour ago and he also caught the trade and he made 22 000. he closed
already yeah yeah it's a closed position right here look i'm literally as you speak you walked
up to me as i was taking a screenshot of this trade right here you must have a hell of a
screenshot that's what i was doing right now yeah straight up there real quick
um that's what i get for flexing on instagram 314 000. let's go home the next day is the exact
same thing we go back to the forex expo so this is tuesday now and the market is starting to have
a retracement so euro usd has pulled back into retest the neckline of the head and shoulders so
the trade being from two hundred thousand dollars in profit just one single trade is now negative
ten thousand dollars or fifteen thousand dollars the trade came back to break
even and i explained to everybody i even posted it on twitter people are asking me in twitter
because i shared this trade on twitter i said yo i'm interested in taking these three trades
please trade at your own risk my comment section my dns are blowing up alice your trade is back
what should i do and i literally said set and forget that is exactly what we do at
this point we commit to the trade we either let the trade get taken out of stop loss
or let the trade take out a break even and guess what happened on tuesday
the trade flew to take profit because we set and forget so all the students came up to me at
the expo uh people that literally met me at the expo that i explained to them what was going on
with the trade entered the trade and the trade played out massively it was just a trend continuation
trade it could have not gotten any easier than that all right ladies and gentlemen uh update
there's just so much that has gone down since the last time i recorded this let's just start breaking
i guess just so much has happened so euro usd obviously had a very strong sell-off we
basically sold off of the sell-off came back retested it massive daily bearish engulfing
candlestick with a bearish pin bar today we have filled that and we have five hours left in this
candlestick to close right now it's currently 11 46 in the morning est so we're waiting for
this to continue having a push to the downside it's moving very clean for our closed structure
below we've obviously been in both of these positions well this one and then the other one
so we got an upgraded account on the broker that we're using so we're able to finally do more than
90 lots that 90 lot was extremely annoying but right now we're up probably eight hundred
and forty three thousand dollars on this trade so we were up actually half a mil on this trade
and i called it to perfection on euro usd aud usd we dodged this bullet and euro gbp
we called this cell to perfection beautiful entry right after this rejection
beautiful push to the downside hit we held through like a menace to society
and we are now having this it's just so crazy that i actually held all the way down it's just insane
and i'm going to continue to hold this position down but basically this counter trend trade has
happened nzd usd is currently cooking up another trade right now and i think it's going to basically
cook this up for tomorrow right i would not enter a trade right now after this daily bearish engulfing
candlestick i'm going to wait for a wick pullback
into this area and after this wick pullback is that what i'm going to be interested in the
cells but this so far has been playing out to perfection as well so i'll have that noted
gbp chf if we would have entered this trade we'd be in a little bit of a consolidation
daily looks like it's creating another daily doji as well so i'd be very interested in entering
this trade as well later into this week after retesting this engulfing and the gbp aud had to
move to the downside bounce off of here and not having to move back to the upside not that
interested into this trade anymore basically this is going to be a very interesting trade and we're
not going to be able to move back to the upside not that interested into this trade anymore basically
this trade has already pretty much just happened the trade is gone not that interested euro aud
had a little bit of move nothing gbp usd nothing and usd chf nothing our main focus is to continue
to hold your usd aud usd maybe for some potential buys not really going to continue holding these
cells on your gbp for the next couple of hours see how the daily time from closes
nzd usd is my next trade that i'm going to be interested in taking 100 we're going to put it
as our number one pair and gbp chf is going to be another trade that i'm going to be very
interested in executing as well have to wait for this daily time from to close in the next
couple of hours so yeah that's pretty much everything for now not the most active week
i've just been in dubai we went to the forex expo uh did uh you know met a couple of cool
guys out here and i think for the first time in years i'm actually enjoying not recording
stuff and i'm just like actually living life and it's pretty cool so i i'm kind of just enjoying it
right and i think tomorrow we're going to go to the lions so one of my rich friends here part of
the royal family has like a lion tiger so we're going to go to that tomorrow and i probably will
not do an update sorry but i explained it here and uh maybe we come back the day after and then
i'll show you guys i think this is the first time i'm actually like not prioritizing the work i'm
prioritizing like just living in the moment and i'm i'm loving it i'm having a great time
and i think that these trades are just so simple i say them
single week inside this channel if you guys follow along you guys know you guys i'm literally just
like repeating myself with new examples every single week and you guys are capitalizing off
i literally posted on my twitter literally posted on my twitter this trade to perfection i literally
posted me explaining this trade i mean you guys can editor please please pop it up screenshots
of my twitter here of me literally just sending these trades out here publicly telling people to
continue to hold these are the three trade ideas it's all like live right like you know
we would have uh how many people saw this 66 000 people saw this i literally said you're a usd sell
a usd buy and then yeah i think you guys get the point set a motherfucking forget and honestly this
trade was supposed to stop at half a million like that was where i was going to cap the trade out
that was where it peaked at half a mil and it got to the point where i got a little bit greedy
and i said you know what we're going to continue to set
and
you
and later that i realized i was setting and forgetting the wrong trade which was euro gbp
euro gbp is a counter trend trade i should cut my profits fast right because i'm taking a trade
against the trend but i decided to commit and euro gbp decided to have a retracement
off there it actually already made it to my take profit which is at a strong support level
after that retracement euro gbp then continued to push down creating a new lower low
making the euro weaker and that is exactly what made euro usd continue to push down
continue to break low and continue to head to the downside and that's where everything changed
that's where this went from a half a million dollar trade to a seven hundred thousand dollar trade all
of this by tuesday wednesday and i expected for this to be a million dollar week because of all
of the trades that i was going to execute i was probably going to execute a total of three trades
max four i've actually never taken more than that amount of trades in a single week but there were
so many perfect opportunities that i said you know what this might be the week but my decision
making changed in the middle of the week because i had such a great opportunity to make money on the
great entries on this trade that I was continuously fishing for that million dollar week, but just with
the same exact trades. People always want to make more money from the markets by taking more trades,
and you don't make more money from the markets by making more trades. You make more money from
the markets by letting the right trade continue to make you more money. If you're trading with
the trend, you're on the right side of the market, and you have a solid risk to reward,
you let that trade ride. That's how you're going to maximize your profits,
not by entering another trade. You just simply let a winning trade continue to be a winning
trade. That is the whole philosophy behind set and forget. That is how you continuously,
it's like making passive income. If you entered the right trade setup and the trade is hot,
you let it do its thing. The last thing you want to do is cut your profit short.
You always want to cut your losses short because you don't ever want to lose more money,
but you always want to make more money. If it doesn't cost you more money to make
money from that trade, then you're on the other side of the market. You're on the other side
the other side of the market. You're on the other side of the market. You're on the other side of the market.
more money, why would you close out that trade set? You're making more money off of the same
trade you already took without having any additional risk. That is the beauty of set
and forget and entering the right trade setup. That's exactly what I did. The trades were having
very strong momentum. They were heading in my direction. Why would I cut a trade short that
has strong momentum in my direction? I won't. And that's why it made me the profits that it did.
Boys, so we're back for day two. I wasn't going to come today for day two, but I said, you know
what? All of my Indian people out here, we had such a fucking good time yesterday that I need
to come again today. I need to meet the people. I didn't say that I was coming yesterday. I just
pulled up and I just posted like when I was leaving, bro, I think I got 3000 DMs that people
were going to pull up today if I were to just pull up. And like, if I'm on this side of the
world, I want to meet you guys. So I said, fuck, I'm just pulling up. Not letting them know I'm
here.
Trade update. Trade is looking pretty decent. So yesterday we had a retracement back into the
retest of this neckline. Your GBP still in profit as we speak. Trade right now is 300K.
No, it's bad.
Good to see you here.
Bro, I'm excited, bro. I'm excited.
I was like, when you told me you were here with the forces, I was like, what the?
I didn't even know you were like a main sponsor.
I didn't even know you were a main sponsor for this either.
Forex.
Look, right now, right now I'm up.
Oh my God.
It's going to load.
You're up 300 or 100?
356.
So I was up half the note yesterday, but I'm up.
He's up. He's up $350,000.
I lost 150 grand. I'm like making it back, man. I'm trying. Yeah, like if this trade closes in profit, I'll be like 800.
You got the watch.
Oh yeah, black or red?
Black or red?
I'm not playing for money. I'm not ready for money. No chance.
Red for the color.
Okay, red, red, red.
You sure?
Yeah.
All right.
Guys.
We're here doing forex-y stuff.
Right.
Wow.
$50 million, guys.
I just wanted to do it.
Oh, fuck.
That's crazy.
Bro.
See you.
See you.
That's the man right there, man.
So this is one of my most profitable students.
We did podcast one.
We did podcast two.
Oh my God.
Oh my God, bro.
I didn't even realize.
Oh, check it.
All right.
Look.
No, wait, wait, wait for it.
$450.
All right.
You can't fake this shit.
Can't fake that shit.
So after we left the Forex Expo, which was the second and final day, I said, you know what?
This is going to be a winning trade.
Let's go celebrate.
And what a better way of celebrating by buying another watch and not a new watch.
The same watch I already have.
Why?
Because why the fuck not?
I have a Jacob & Co black and red, right?
So the whole roulette is black or red.
And sometimes I can't make a decision whether to pick black or red.
And my Jacob & Co has a red strap.
So I said, okay, you know what?
Let me get another one with a black strap.
So if I don't know which one to pick, I just wear them both.
That's what I did.
Bro, the box is crazy.
I've not seen a box like that.
This is definitely like the hottest box, bro.
Bro, having two of these is going to be crazy.
Yeah.
Yeah, no.
It's hard.
Definitely.
For sure.
All right.
So basically we're going to...
Bro, we should do like at the same time.
So we're going to flip or spin for a thousand difference or two thousand difference.
What was the difference?
A thousand, right?
A thousand difference?
Okay.
So we're spinning for a thousand right now to see who wins.
What color do you want to pick?
I'll leave it up to you.
I'll go black for black.
All right.
You want to do it on the black watch or the red?
The black watch.
Let's go for the black one.
Okay.
Let's go for the black one.
All right.
Let's go for the black one.
All right.
Let's go for the black one.
All right.
Let's go for the black one.
Okay.
I'll let you spin it.
There's too many odds against us here.
I'm not going to like that.
All right.
Spinning it.
Again, this one spins way more than mine.
I'm not going to like.
Mine's in black, bro.
Oh.
Smaller ball.
Something like that.
Those balls are what?
They land on green.
And red.
Red.
Thank you, man.
Appreciate you.
This is sick.
All right.
Well, now you use...
I just left that out here with another free one on the other wrist.
You know?
No, it does.
The black and red slaps, right?
Yeah.
I think you should keep the black, bro.
It's just because you're black, bro.
That's why you want to keep the black.
Okay.
That's why the color came.
Well, I mean, guys.
Thank you, guys.
Pleasure for coming down, bro.
No, it was a pleasure.
Beautiful.
Appreciate it.
See you more, bro.
I'll do that.
Thank you very much.
All right.
So trade up there right now.
EURUSD is having a continuation push to the downside, looking very, very solid.
AUDUSD, we avoided this loss to perfection.
So this trade was avoided.
And EURGBP is having a major retracement.
So not going to lie.
Pretty big L.
On my end right here for not closing this trade down over here.
So we would be up so much more right now.
We would be up 275 here, plus 250 that I was up on this one.
We'd be up like 600 grand right now, but I decided to get greedy and continue to hold
this one.
This is a counter trend trade.
So this trade, we did not anticipate for it to make it all the way back.
You know, like this is like we're supposed to be buying here basically.
And we still decided to continue to hold this trade has so much more downside potential.
We will continue to hold this position.
However, now that there shows you boys can have f*****g balls, balls of f*****g steel,
too big motherf*****g balls for hold the f*****g trade through some drawdown a little bit of
retracement.
Now fast forward to Wednesday morning after having a probably the best night's sleep
I've ever had, because now when I sleep in this time zone, I'm actually sleeping in the
trading sessions that have no volume.
So my trade is going to be good.
It's not like Miami timezone where I fall asleep and I wake up to a surprise.
Try the trade.
is going to be at my stop loss or be at my take profit so stressing is always sleeping is actually
very stressful in the est time zone so i fall asleep normal i wake up eight in the morning
which is pre-london session and i decided you know what let's give it another hour because i
want to see what happens right at the crack of london session maybe there's an additional volume
that can actually push my trade a little bit further into profit and that's where i started
seeing the trade just jitter too fast into one direction and then the other one and i said you
know what i'm going to make the executive decision at this point and close out this trade i'm about
to close out my biggest profits in a single day for seven hundred and thirty eight thousand dollars
now before i close this trade out live right now i think it's so much cooler than me making money
that i just shared this on social media two days ago and tens of thousands if not hundreds of
thousands of people were able to capitalize off of this just off of a fucking instagram video
yo generally speaking if you guys make money off of this trade comment it down below anything if
you guys were to actually
if you guys even saw this happen in real time and you guys followed it and you guys just comment it
you guys have no idea how much that motivates me and it keeps me going to just continue to do this
for you guys so let's close out my biggest profits in a single day here together so we're
going to go to bulk operations and we're going to close oppositions bang this trade has already
passed my take profit so my take profits were set for a one to two risk to reward we're at a one to
the other trade set up and i personally set and forget until the trade gets to my take profit once
the trade gets to my take profit then there i analyze the market structure and decide if it
makes sense to continue to set and forget and it did continue it didn't make sense to continue to
set and forget but honestly i was looking at the money i was saying you know what this is my biggest
trading profits i've ever made in a single week it might not be the full million dollars that i want
but i'm not going to be greedy i'm just coming off of a two round 음 이 거랜지 오�스트� chill 걸로 원하고
of a two-week losing streak and then a whole entire week where i did not execute a trade
i kind of need this money right now so let me actually close out my profits for the week
and lock in something and that's exactly what i did now i looked at the markets six hours later
and yes i missed out on probably the other 250 000 that i needed to make my million dollars but
you know what i did not feel any type of way simply because i locked in the profits that i
risked for and that i aimed to get anything after my take profit whatever happens after that i don't
get emotional and i don't care about it because at the moment of me closing the trade i made a
decision based off of a cool and calm mindset and at that time it made sense to do that so i
am not going to regret my decision or think back on it and say damn i would have come
have should have made so much more no you made money you move on there's going to be another
opportunity that's a problem with a lot of traders out there is that they don't have that type of
mindset whether they win a trade and they could have made more money they start thinking of the
what-ifs and if they miss out on the trade they think of well what if i would have risked more
and if they lose a trade they're like well what if i never took it no i don't i don't think of the
what is i don't think of the hypotheticals i made a decision it made sense i made money i move on
simple i'm not even supposed to like be ah man we're up seven hundred and sixteen thousand
dollars this is insane the fact that i am up nearly a million dollars in just three days
is absolutely insane coming from somebody that i i've made a ton of money but this is like
an unfathomable amount of money for such a little amount of time and such a little amount of effort
like i haven't done
in anything all i've just done is execute a trade and just wait yes this trade came back could have
taken me out of breakeven i could have even lost some money but that's just the risk that i took
behind the trade but the fact that i'm up 720 000 on a wednesday is is just mind-blowing
to me right now and i feel it's like i i came here to dubai i was here for a week i understood
how the trading
time zones worked i saw the markets cooking up for next week and i capitalized off of that i set
a goal for myself i manifested i put it out into there i'm like yo this week i want to make a
million dollars so some people might look at me like i'm crazy some people might look
at me like this is a unrealistic goal some people might look at me and i think it's fake
but i'll tell you this i'm the that's up right now 718 000 i'm the that called the
i'm the that that that put it out there and now it's here it's kind of crazy i don't
know it's just uh uh i mean you guys are going to be watching this who knows from where in the world
and i'm just experiencing it here now and it's it's very real and you know i'm not here to just
like flex i'm not here to on you or i'm just here to show you what's possible i'm here to show you
the transparency behind it and if i can do it so
can you all right so you guys can see right here yesterday i was literally explaining the
only trade i was interested in entering was nzd usd i needed that break i needed that retest to sell
and uh yeah we never got that retest and we never sold but you know what it's okay
so we predicted another market this is another beautiful execution of another uh
trade following the strategy like bro there's so much free money this week i told bro this is so
crazy oh man
this is so crazy i literally told you guys yesterday the daily time frame closes bearish
engulfing like this we're gonna wait for a little pull back to themself four hour time frame has had
no pullback so since it had no pullback we simply did not get to enter the cell but the movers
right there the head and shoulders was right there the break even the retest but the reaches
happened too late into the day euro usd my boys we are up the one to two risk to reward we have
officially hit our take profit and uh we are now approaching this level of support i very strongly
believe that we are going to have a reaction from this support level right here i do believe
that this can potentially have you know have this create a push to the upside if not i believe this
will close very strong engulfing and just keep going down i'm probably not going to be in that
trade for that long i like this to me is already good i caught the right shoulder or the retest of
the neckline to the support level i'm pretty much done right at this level here um gbp chf has had a
very strong reaction from this support level i believe that we are going to have a reaction from
from this level of support i was lurking a bit earlier so right now it's 8 30 in the morning
here and it's 12 30 in miami so we're about to enter london session like it's it's only the
middle of the week we are still only getting started like this but this looks like it's about
to fly this to me looks like it's about to take off this this is just creating a perfect base at
this level i might just enter this other i literally just might enter this trade because
fuck it i might i'm gonna enter on one of my other accounts yeah i'm gonna enter on another
account of mine give me a second uh what phone is fuck it's on the other phone but i'm gonna
i'm gonna enter this buy right here we'll just put this along i'm gonna wait for
uh yeah i'll wait for this chemistry to close in the next 28 minutes
that this aud gbp aud we're going to continue to go your gbp has had a very strong push to
the downside
and we've capitalized off of this whole entire move even with this retracement right here we've
continued to set and forget let the trade come back into this area we're going to potentially
be interested in closing very soon here simply because i don't believe that this has more
downside potential i believe this is a pro trend trade and this is the area where it can potentially
have a reaction from and then it can obviously have a push up or once again it can literally
do this have a massive weekly bearish engulfing and continue having a push down but i've already
capitalized off of this more than i should have i don't need anymore it would obviously it would
be cool but i i i'm very content so i know i wanted to make a million dollars this week but
i think i'm just good with the 700 grand i'm not gonna lie
yeah i think i'm just gonna take this 710 and run with it because
i don't even want to risk like this is good this is good i'll keep my eye on it basically
nzd usd we missed it gbpch
we continue to have the move and you know you guys i feel like you guys have seen like a different
side of me this week because i'm out of my regular routine in my home i'm out of my
time zone i'm out of just like what built me as a person i'm just out of my my system my routine i
love my routine i love what i've built and and i don't give that up for anybody i don't give that
up for anything and i that's what got me to the point where i am now and being able to still thrive
my routine out of my environment just shows once you have a proven concept what the you can
do you know i don't know it's pretty exciting pretty cool i i'm actually having a great time
so i haven't had a great time in a while so we're going to close out this trade probably in the
next 30 minutes to an hour because i want to see what london session could do maybe it could give
you some more profit and we're gonna go chill with some lions and tigers hopefully not get eaten but
i doubt it but
no it's pretty crazy that's how i can say it i just keep saying that it's pretty crazy i feel
like i'm young again in a way i feel like i'm young again because like once you like when you
get so successful and you make so much money so fast like you kind of like lose touch with a lot
of things like there's no supercar there's no hypercar there's no car that's gonna like wow me
anymore right but doing something like this that i'm doing right now is just wowing me making a
ton of money out of my home
while i'm traveling and having fun it's just like this new feeling it's like this new high
that i've just gotten right now i'm just enjoying this because right now and i could be up this
money in miami and all right now i just you know i'd go to my my gym i'd just be in my routine and
that's all what i've built and what i've created and i loved but it's not it's not new it's not
exciting and i feel like this right now is just new and exciting and and i'm loving it that's all
i can say so last update we are up seven hundred and ten thousand
we'll update you guys later see you boys so after closing my trade i was very happy and it was a
great day to go with one of my friends mo vlogs to the zoo so he had a couple rich friends out there
that have zoos i don't know you know like that's different type of money if you have your own
private zoo you're rich rich and i almost got raped by an orangutan yeah that was weird hey
oh my god
what is it doing oh it's like sucking it no it's like maybe he has a king for knees bro that's
some weird going on come on okay this looks so crazy so after nearly getting my kneecap bitten
off by a chimp or an orangutan i felt rich i felt very rich after leaving the royal palace
after being with cool animals and making nearly a million dollars in a day i told mo
mo i need a kundura because i'm that guy now i am a habib
now officially please give me the the honor to take me to my first kundura that's exactly what
i did and supposedly i look like some famous guy from there i don't know but let's say i
bought more than one shout out to mo for actually gifting me my first kundura
okay so so this is supposed to stay like this now you look like a bugatti owner
100 now this is the guy who owns a bugatti
or no no no
you need slippers yeah yeah we take slippers thank you very much
mo just got me my first condor thank you you're not official thank you welcome to dubai
we're walking around like this so at this point after i have my condor and i have just nearly
made a million dollars in one single week and i've pretty much just stunted on other people
that don't believe in me or think that i'm a demo trader or a fake trader i decided to let it out
in the twitter community in the x community the people that are the the friendliest or are very
aggressively friendly and i i don't mean to come off as an arrogant person i'm not an arrogant
person i'm really not i may say some things which probably don't have the best grammar
come off a bit aggressive but i i mean it in the best way it's like tough love and then i did this
other tweet and it's kind of funny because some people when they come to me in person they're
like yo alex you're actually a really nice guy like i don't know why i thought i thought you'd be
a dickhead like why would you think i'm a dickhead i mean i and i and i
read this tweet that i posted i'm like well i can see how i can come off a little arrogant
sometimes but i do it because i just don't i hate arguing with small-minded people in the industry
honestly to me it's a fucking waste of time so i said here hater love me i called the moves
simple call it demo money if you want i'll be withdrawing my demo funds and eating wagyu
okay fine it's a little arrogant but it always be it always be the the the the non-believers
the haters that are the ones saying it's demo it's risk
okay let's let's say the trades let's say i'm trading demo okay all right i'm trading demo
you caught me cool can you at least give me credit that i'm predicting the trades
am i not literally saying that the trade is going to go from this point to this point
and then to continue to hold do you just think i'm going to predict this and not actually risk
money behind it and what fucking right mind does that make sense that's why i don't argue with
small-minded people and uh we set up forget them and i realized that this got me a little bit
in a greedy way where i started feeling like the man and i started thinking that i i almost felt
like i can predict every single move in the market and that's when i went back to the market to go
trade again now thankfully i've been doing this for a long time for seven years and i made a great
analysis in the market and it was literally another perfect trade setup where i would take
this trade setup 10 out of 10 times but you know what i made a rule where i don't take more than
two trades in a single week if i take more than two trades
in a single week i have to do something to hold myself accountable for example taking cold showers
right if i if i break my rule i have to go ahead and take a cold shower and i'm going to be honest
i did not want to take a cold shower so i decided to you know what i already made a lot of money this
week i'm not going to take a trade we're going to leave it like that and i was really wanting to
make a million dollars for the week just so i can complete my goal for the week and me following my
trading plan i decided to not take the trade didn't take it now i avoided a win so the trade actually
perfectly nzd usd gave me the perfect trade setup the perfect trade continuation sell and i missed
that on the trade now did that make me feel some type of way that i feel emotional that i get
greedy that i then go find another trade setup no it just made me more confident than you can
even imagine the fact that i'm actually able to make 750 grand on two trade setups i predicted
trades perfectly i hold the trade comes back to break even goes back to my take profit i close
the trade out i analyze another trade setup that is another perfect trade setup and i don't
take it is far more powerful to me and actually executing the trade the fact that i have that
self-control to make a lot of money in a single week and not take the next trade setup because
i'm following my trading plan i respect myself so much more for that and i makes me so much more
confident in my trading than i'm able to have that self-control and i feel like that should
be far more impressing to people than the money that i made because you know i can get lucky
in the trades and predicting the market and i just you know catch the move right whatever
because of whatever reason you want to call it but me controlling myself after making all that money
and having another opportunity is far more impressive not clicking that button than
clicking that button because a lot of people out there they fail because they click that
button too often and they don't know how to have that self-control so that was honestly probably
one of the the highlights personally out of this
entire challenge the fact that i did not take that next trade setup because that could have
made me lose probably half of the profits that i made on the biggest trade but i didn't make
the money but i also didn't lose anything all right ladies and gentlemen we are back
after breaking the record of making $750,000 let me get you guys the exact number on how much
money i just made so this is an update a couple hours later you know editor please pop the
instagram reel of me closing out the trade live we closed out for a total of $730,000
we have officially withdrawn half a million dollars from our $750,000 record day or week if
you want to call it and i mean i'm just going to let the markets speak for themselves right so
euro usd we close out this trade here like a pussy bro this literally continued to drop
to the downside where i could have made double of what i had originally closed out at this point
all right so we're back so i guess the computer starts like overheating and starts lagging right
but okay we're here so basically euro usd had a beautiful continuation push to the downside as you
can tell we had a massive push to the downside after having this beautiful break of this lower
low creating a new lower low this is a perfect lower high left head right shoulder rejection
from the area of interest literally everything that we would want to see from the trade
beautiful weekly bearish engulfing after these
eight weeks of just consolidation nine weeks of consolidation and now it's just a very easy play
we continue selling this trade to the downside i have the pro i would have had the perfect entry
to pretty much swing this for the next two weeks but i'm just not that guy right now i'm not gonna
lie i'm not that guy to be entering those type of trades and uh i just decided to close my trade out
there nzd usd i did not manage to catch this trade as you guys can tell this happened literally
perfectly i was waiting for this trade to give me that bearish rejection
candlestick was a bit too low on the retracement i was just being way too picky and on this
pickiness i literally decided like i just missed out on this whole entire move but this is another
perfect example of the markets playing out to perfection this is picasso this is artwork this
is just how the market should move break retest of the area of interest rejection engulfing
so like that's it that's just how the market should move this is how
we have been able to catch these trades week after week after week
market played out perfectly gbp chf like i said massive counter trend trade massive high risk
trade i did not execute this trade and we avoided this loss by simply just sticking to the trades
that make the most sense even the ones like these that look the best they're still high risk at the
end of the day and you know it doesn't really make sense to take a trade if it's a high risk
yes it has all the other possible confluences at the lowest point ever blah blah blah still a high
risk trade right next we have aud usd which we were completely wrong about this trade and obviously
pretty much about every other single market and this did not have the move to the upside and uh
last but not least i believe it was euro gbp which we had the counter trend trade here and then we
had the reaction from this level exactly how i anticipated so we are pretty much i don't know
what do you want to call it uh three for seven four for seven all you really need is just one
you need to catch one or two of these a week and that's all you need and this is what i do
every single week with my students inside of my community i literally
share with them every single one of these trades live as they're happening
and i'm like yo guys sunday so sunday swings i get on a call i'm like yo we're going to be interested
in this this this this is why this is why we're not going to be interested in this and then after
i do like one-on-one calls with my students and then i get to like further break down
trades that they've taken in the past mistakes that they do i literally review the trades so if
you guys want to know more about this hit the link in description down below because it's something
that i do every single week and i only do with a very closed group of people because it's not
because it's simply i'm one person and i can only work with a certain amount of people so i would
try my best to make it the best quality possible and it not be something that i just let anybody
in so if you guys know more about that link in description broker that i use in the link
in description down below and if at this point in the video you are not subscribed to the channel
to this channel which is just strictly about trading all i can say is you're missing out
hit that subscribe button every single week i'm dropping live bangers just like this one
where i am giving you my whole entire thought process my whole entire rundown of the exact trades
i'm entering why i'm entering it how i'm entering it the full breakdown and i think this is very
educational i think this is very real raw and how i trade while i'm traveling how i trade when
i break records like these this one that i just broke right now or how i just trade when i'm in
my regular normal routine i've been here in dubai for two weeks now i'll probably be here for
another week maybe two weeks and then head back to miami because honestly the trading here is pretty
ridiculous and i'm actually able to trade better my my trading time zone
is so much better because i don't have to wake up for london session i just stay up
or maybe i go back to miami and i just stay with this sleep schedule which is pretty crazy
because right now it is one in the afternoon and it's five in the morning in miami time so
and the rest of the week pretty much consisted of us just living life in dubai i think this
was the first actual trip where i genuinely had a lot of fun off camera right usually
i record the majority of the stuff that i'm living but for the first time ever i didn't even think
about that i just generally enjoyed having a great time with my guys with uh with you guys
that saw me out there at the forex expo i have a lot of conversation with you guys like i i finally
did a crazy record week and i actually enjoyed it without having to do anything for content i
just did it to actually have fun and we captured some moments and next week we're actually going
to upload the full week in the life of dubai which i think is going to be one of my favorite
videos that i have ever recorded just because we're just generally having a ton of fun and whatever can come out
comes out whatever can come out can come out so if you guys want to see that video make sure you
hit that subscribe button turn the notifications on so you guys can see that video as soon as it
comes live but this week is not an anomaly it might be an anomaly because of the amounts of
money that i made this week because it's a record number but i predict these markets every single
week and i'm talking about every single week i'm literally sharing the full breakdown of why i'm
interested in entering a trade and why i'm not interested in entering other trades i do this a
lot of times i'm doing this live with my students every single study where my students are
literally following the exact same trades that i am taking because a lot of traders when they join
my community they might be lost because they don't know how to execute a strategy or they
might not even know how to analyze the markets that's why i do what i like to call the famous
sunday swings where i set up every single sunday the perfect markets for the week ahead so not only
are you executing the strategy perfectly but you're also doing it with me so you know what
markets to focus on and what markets to not focus on and then you get educated live on the market
every single week and i review your trades if you do them right or if you do them wrong and what
mistakes you make so if you guys want to know more about how to be part of my community and be part
of these calls just click the link in the description down below honestly this is only
something that i'm doing now for the next six to twelve months where i'm going to be making sure
that you're executing the right trades with my strategy where i get to review it and see if it
makes sense for you sadly my community is no longer open to everybody it is now off of the
application basis only because it takes a lot of my time to make sure that you're
trading just like me like i'm going to walk you by the hand and make sure that you're following
the trading strategy perfectly i got to do that with the right people takes a lot of my time
and i want to make sure i'm helping the right people because it sharpens me as a trader if
i'm teaching you correctly and if you're actually paying attention and if you're even qualified or
even at the right moment to actually learn the strategy so all i can say is hit that like and
subscribe button you want to join the community click the link down below and this record-breaking
week might get broken once again and we're going to show the people
once again how we do it every single week so all i can say is get ready
because i am see you guys in the next video and set and forget


==============================
VIDEO 026 — I Tried to Turn $100 Into $1,000,000 in 37 Days Trading Forex-oJvao6Ca4aA
==============================

So I'm going to say something and say some words of courage, but all I have to say is
set them free. That's all I got to say. It's week five of me trying to turn a hundred dollars
into a million day trading. Last week, we ended up taking two unnecessary losses because I broke
my trading plan. You good? That doesn't seem very good. That's why we have the Punisher.
For every single time that I break my trading plan, I have to drive this car for 24 hours.
Last week, the account was at $15,000 and we were trying to take it to $30,000.
But now we are left off with $9,000 because we lost $6,000 last week on two crazy trades that
we broke our trading plan on. It's an annoying market update. Currently right now, 9.26 in the
morning. Not good. Currently we are down, let it load, let it load, $3,000. So fuck.
Lessons learned. For now, this week to take these $9,000 that we have in the account up to
$18,000. Let me tell you, I see some great market opportunities. Oof, I smell like acid. Let's go
to the markets and go see these good opportunities. Let's go. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. It
is officially week number five, turning a hundred dollars into a million. Oh, fuck. You're going to
have to edit some more major cracking noise. Yeah. This week, we got to make up for last week's
fuck.
We actually got a new chair, by the way. So this chair, I'm going to auction it off for $5 million
because I've made over $5 million trading in this chair. So whoever buys it can also make $5 million
in this chair. We're going to build that chair probably today or tomorrow. It's week number five.
We're back at it. All right, guys. So this is week number five. Starting balance right now of
the challenge. Oh, by the way, if you guys think that I'm red, it's because I went to Bimini on my
boat.
It's two hours to cross the Atlantic Ocean from the United States to the Bahamas. We crossed this
right here. And this is the from Miami to Bahamas. That is the ocean with no name. Or maybe it has
a name. I don't know. But the point is that we crossed it. We got sunburned. But now we're back
this week. Starting balance for the week is going to be drum roll, please.
Eight thousand nine hundred and forty.
Nine dollars. So last week we took two losses on the challenge, which absolutely suck. There were
unnecessary losses and we paid the price for those losses, which is our new vehicle that we have
gotten, which is the Volkswagen. And the name is this right here. I don't know the name yet. We're
going to be decided by today or tomorrow. So editors are going to edit it in. And every single
time I break my training plan, I have to drive that beetle for twenty four hours. And whether I
win or lose it, I take a chance. I'm going to win. I'm going to win. I'm going to win. I'm going to
trade against my trading plan and I win. I still have to do it because I broke my trading plan.
And if I take a trade and I lose, I still have to do it because I broke my trade plan, holding myself
accountable, taking myself back to the roots. So this week we actually have some interesting
markets, some repetitive ones from the last weeks, and then we've actually added some cryptos into
the chart because I'm actively looking to invest into some type of crypto. But we'll probably drop
that later throughout the day. So let's start off with parent. Number one is going to be GBP.
USD. So GBP USD as of right now on the weekly time frame, we are currently having a beautiful
retest of this previous structure level right here. Very strong double weekly doji. And clearly
this move right here is bullish on the weekly time frame. And we can anticipate a push for
the upside. If I simply get this line chart right here and I take it to the structure point,
which are the bodies of these candlesticks,
you can very clearly see how well structured this looks. Any textbook trade will tell you that
that right there is setting up for a buy. It simply makes more sense for this trade from
this point right here to head to the upside versus to the downside. That's all we're trying
to do at the end of the day with this challenge, especially after two weekly dojis. But you then
go down to the daily time frame and you can clearly see that we are under this very strong
level of support.
And resistance and also this EMA, which can indicate to us that the daily time frame can
potentially have a rejection to this point right here. And then when you go down to the
four hour time from the four hour time from this kind of in the middle, it's kind of rejecting
when it's breaking above. I personally want to take this trade as a buy with the higher
time frame of the weekly. So in order for me to do that, I would have to wait for this
time frame to body close above retest and then head to the upside.
Because that is literally exactly what it did right here. We broke up, retested and headed
to the upside. Whenever we are under, we head to the downside. Whenever we are on the upside,
we head to the upside. Whenever we're above, we head to the upside. So in this case, I
got to wait for it to get to the upside. If not, I'm going to be looking for some potential
sells once we kind of break out of this little inward triangle. So I mentioned in the last
100 to the Mill challenge that I hate trend lines, that trend lines are subjective. Trend
lines, you can literally put them from width to body, body to wick, wick to wick, body body.
And it's just extremely subjective and there's no real strategy behind trend lines. It kind
of just gives you an idea of what the market is moving like. Is it moving in an upwards
channel and a downwards channel? Is it moving in a triangle? Like is it consolidating into
one spot where it's going to potentially break out? But I would not ever use a strategy based
off of trend lines. So probably all of you guys are asked on why I don't use trend lines
because it's so subjective. For example, I can literally use the trend line from wick, right?
Let's say we start off from this wick. So then let's say we're going to use this wick as a
continuation, or if you do it like that, this looks completely different. Or if you put it to
the highest wick, then it looks like this, or you do it to that wick. It just looks completely
different. But then let's say we do it to the bodies and we do it to this body right here.
Oh yeah, I broke and retest it out. Or if you do it to then this next
body and it's like, oh, it's breaking out to the upside. It's just too subjective, right?
So I don't really like using it as a confidence. I just kind of use it to get a visualized
understanding of where the market is actually squeezing into. So basically I use this trend
line to identify this market right here. That's the only way I will be interested in selling.
So if you have some type of breakout like this, which realistically all that matters,
it's going to be a break and retest of this structure point right around here.
So looking for the temporary
cells, they can be short term cells from this point to then this point right around here.
And then down here, we can potentially be interested in buys to execute over the long run,
or we can just wait for the break and retest above to then take this trade to the upside.
That's GBPUSD. Next is going to be NZDUSD. So I fucking because I always analyze the markets
on Sunday with the students that I got on a call on every single Sunday with my students for like
two hours where I literally break down every single one of these markets. So you guys can
have an idea. I don't only trade just these markets right here. I analyze all of these
markets right here. And out of all of these markets, I find the best trading opportunities
in them and which one have the highest probability in going in one direction versus the other using
my strategy. And by the time that I'm done with that call, that's two hours. I'm fucking,
fucking drained because there's thousands of students that join to ask a bunch of questions.
And I'm always like, we'll start this series on Monday, right? We'll start it tomorrow. Don't
want to start it Sunday night because I'm just tired. The energy's not there.
And this shit happens where the trades play out right before I can even begin on Monday.
So this one yesterday, we've identified NZDUSD that it was retesting this beautiful level of
support and resistance. So clearly whenever above we're going up,
we're under, we're going down. Whenever we're above, we're going up. Clearly we're above.
And all we were waiting for is for price to body close above this structure point right here.
So a body closed structure point right around here, then we would be interested in a buy.
So we would have entered this trade right around here, but obviously it played out extremely fast,
which kind of sucks because you know, you guys can't see it. I personally didn't catch it
because it was very late. I already know students in the discord caught it because
they're happy to see it. So I'm going to go ahead and do that. I'm going to go ahead and do that.
I'm going to go ahead and do that. I'm going to go ahead and do that. I'm going to go ahead and do that. I'm going to go ahead and do that.
Different time zones all around the world. And you know, but when I'm sleeping, they're awake.
So currently right now, what I'm waiting on NZD USD in order for me to enter this trade safely
is going to wait for a retest of this structure level. So the idea entry would have been here,
but now the only way I could enter is if we have this retest to then head to the upside. So I have
to be very patient on this trade. Next is going to be NZD USD. This is going to be a absolutely
beautiful trade. So you guys can tell here on NZD USD, we are bearish on this daily timeframe
because we body close under that structure point. And then the weekly timeframe is bullish. You can
clearly see that the weekly timeframe had a high, a pullback, and then here it can have
potentially have a push to the upside. Daily timeframe, we are clearly rejecting this level
of resistance. Resistance can now potentially be used as support. And what a coincidence,
we also have that daily EMA. So we've had a
very strong push and the pullback has started to slow down right around this area. Now this is
setting up a absolutely beautiful trade. That is going to be once we body close above this zone,
then once we have the retest, we can enter this trade. Now, what's that going to look like?
That's going to look like a very nice, juicy, daily bullish engulfing candlestick. Then after
that bullish engulfing candlestick, all we have to do is wait for a little quick retest to then
take this trade to the upside. So that's going to be a very strong push and the pullback has
started to slow down right around this area. Now this is setting up a absolutely beautiful trade. That is
going to be once we body close above this area. Now this is setting up a absolutely beautiful trade.
This is by far going to be a very, very clean and solid trade as of right now, from what I can tell.
It's already having a reaction, but we cannot buy right into resistance. This is clearly a level of
resistance. It's pushed price to the downside. So we can't just buy right into that. We have to
confirm that once price is broken above that, we retest it and continue heading to the upside.
Next is going to be GBP CAD. We analyzed this last week for sales and we've missed it,
but this week we are interested in now buys because that was the counter trend trade
pullback. Now we can be interested in taking a trade to the upside. You've got to be realistic
and ask yourself after such a strong weekly bearish candlestick like this, do you think
the next week is just going to completely engulf that? Probably not. It's just not
ideal. It's probably going to need one weekly doji candlestick of just slow move here.
And then the next week we can potentially have the push exactly how we did right here.
This pulled back two candlesticks, one week it chilled. Then the next week it then had the push
the exact same thing, but now here we just have to be extra patient. So for that, I'm going to
be waiting for price to have a very clean break and retest to head to the upside on this market
right here. Next is going to be Euro USD, which we're analyzing that last week as well.
To keep it very simple, we took the degenerate cells on this market right around here.
We got stopped out, but now we're going to continue to wait for the pullback here. We're not
going to force this trade. And once we get here, then we'll be interested in the buys. So at this
point, we'll be looking to then buy this market. And then the next markets are Euro AUD and Euro
GBP, but they're so far out from being tradable that there's no point in wasting time actually
breaking them down. So that's exactly what it's like. Let me show you guys the my effects book
to start off the week. So as you guys can see, this is a real account. You can tell by the
balance that we are $8,449. And you guys can tell down here that currently we have a profitability
of a 71%, meaning that 70% of the trades we win, 30% of the trades we lose. And 100% of the trades
that we have taken have been a short. So we have not taken any long positions so far in the
challenge. And our average duration on a trade is 20 hours and 48 minutes. This is actually longer
before, but simply because of the price. So let's take a look at our trade. So now we have a trade
that we took. We're obviously fast. You know, we pretty much entered a trade within the day we got
stopped out. That's why that time actually went down a bit because, you know, it was a bit higher.
It's almost like two days, but I guess because the losses that average it out a little bit
differently, but yeah, this is day one of the five. The goal is to take these $9,000 pretty much
up into $18,000, which sucks because that literally just puts us about $3,000 above last
balance. So this week we're basically doing it for the artist. The goal for this week is
to recuperate what we lost all of last week and just put us a tiny bit above.
So currently right now it is 8 51 in the morning and let's see where today takes us.
All right. So we just ordered a new chair. So I've had the same chair for about,
I don't know, like a year. The last chair that I had, I made over a million dollars.
Then I got rid of it. So now you have it. And now this next chair I've already made over 10
million dollars. So now I'm going to get rid of it. This is a new chair. My goal is to make
$25 million. So the previous chair was, uh, like, uh, it was Shaquille O'Neal's chairs,
a really big, comfy office chair, really bad for my lower back. So hopefully this is more
comfortable. This is not an ad. Like I'm not even going to promote them. I just want to see
if it's actually, if it's actually comfortable, I'm going to obviously shout them out and shit,
but I have had, I think 15 different office chairs and none of them last more than a week,
just because they suck.
Speaker 1 The last
Speaker 2 Obviously the two that I just mentioned were the best ones that I stuck with the longest,
but if I use it for two, three days and I don't like it, I literally just throw it away.
So we're going to build this shit real quick. It's black. I thought I ordered it white.
Oh, how does it look?
Speaker 1 It looks like a regular chair.
Speaker 2 Does it really?
Speaker 1 Yeah. I mean, it looks like a regular office chair.
Speaker 2 Um,
Speaker 1 It looks like a cost center chair. That's what it looks like.
Speaker 2 Yeah. I feel like a fucking,
I feel like a nine to five around this shit. I definitely feel like my posture is better though.
So it looks like this does hug the shit out of it, but then it doesn't stay stuck.
What do you think? Hey, hey, what do you think?
Speaker 1 You have like a collection of chairs going on in here.
Speaker 2 Yeah. So this is a, your guru's chair.
This is your mentor's chair right here. This is what they,
Speaker 1 Looks small and soft.
Speaker 2 Cause they're small and soft. See the connection there. So this is the old one,
right? Made $10 million in this chair. Now, is this going to be the chair where we made $25
million? Honestly, I don't know. Yo, but now that I'm sitting here, it's actually feeling very,
very comfortable. I feel like I can actually pull up here. I don't know. Like my arms aren't super
down. Speaker 2
Let's see how it feels real quick trade up date. So right now currently it is
choose this phone. It is currently 8 57. Whoa. Can't show you guys a new car.
Whoa. Alex got a new car. interesting.
Well, let me tell you this right now. I got more than a new fucking car. I can't say I can't save
all that. Let's just say I'm a crack the fucking internet. We know what? This is a hint right here.
This is a hint, right? Speaker 2
here if you know you're fucking now another Tesla I don't know I don't know
trade update so it's currently 857 in the evening or in the night oh this is
already oh this is already a problem all right all right so trade update we have
a GBP USD as the number one pair so obviously earlier we were looking at
these counter trend trades and we did not take them simply because it did not
have the break and a retest under the structural level like I mentioned so
we're simply going to continue to wait for that in order to take this counter
trend trade if we decide to if not we're gonna wait for the break and retest
above to head to the upside next is going to be NZD USD where where we've
had the push very strong daily bullish engulfing
candlestick now in order for me to enter this trade i simply need to wait for this next daily
candlestick to have a pullback to this area so i can actually find an entry so it'll look like that
on the daily a daily wick and the four hour it'll look just like a little more of a four hour
pullback retracement into here to head to the upside so actively waiting on that usd cad we've
had a very nice daily bullish engulfing candlestick rejection of the ema not as strong as i'd want it
to close i would want it to grow stronger but we got to do what we got to do and then we have a
somewhat of a shift of structure but i wanted to break above this and then have the retest just
need more confirmations and then lastly gbp cad we're going to be waiting for a better break and
retest above so technically right now the only one that is actively looking close to being ready
is usd
cad and uh gbp usd so just to show you guys actively right now we have no trades on the
account and it is 9 p.m est i don't believe any trades are going to be ready tonight in london
session it's still very early so we'll probably have to check back in in the morning tomorrow
and let's see what happens then so i'm going to test out the chair throughout the whole night
that's what i thought the same thing
i thought the same thing earlier
check in in the morning all right guys trade update so day one with the new chair i don't know
i don't know if you guys understand but there's a really big importance of the office chair it's
like i spend more time on this chair than in my bed so it's a very big deal that you have the
right and ideal chair because this is what's going to make you feel comfortable so you make
the fucking fucking money you know what i'm saying currently right now i'm going to be in the office chair
now trade update it is currently 10 19 in the morning so last night kind of like i mentioned
we weren't going to be interested in taking any trades the account is currently still sitting at
the same balance we haven't taken absolutely no trades but we might take a trade in the next
40 minutes so pay attention first trade is going to be usd cad where currently we are having
the little pullback that i mentioned very nice daily bullish engulfing rejection candlestick
the four hour is pulling
back exactly how i would love for it to pull back and it looks like we're closing with a four hour
bullish engulfing candlestick obviously we still have two hours and 39 minutes into that candlestick
closes for me to enter this trade right now i literally just need this candlestick to body
close above that neckline right there because it created pretty much a double bottom and then it
would be the breakout of that double bottom and pretty much confirm that this might be the area
where it could push through this
zone
right here now it is a higher risk trade because i'm technically buying right into this level of
resistance clearly it is used as a level of resistance and it is respected all throughout
here so the ideal trade is actually once it breaks above it then it retests it then this
is where we should be entering when we use this as a support so it is a bit of a higher risk trade
but it now it's not a trade that i'm breaking my rules keep
in mind i am following my rules i'm not taking accounts of doing trade i'm buying in an area
of interest i have my interest signal everything that i look for in a trade trend everything now
it's just a higher you guys got to understand the meaning of that there's a big difference
in between a high risk trade and a trade that does not follow your trading plan taking a high
risk trade doesn't mean that you're breaking your trading plan the way i grade my trades
in my trading plan i can give it a so every single trade is graded right it's either graded
100%, 90%, 80%, 70%, based off of how many confluences we can add into this market to
make it make more sense that it's going to go in one direction versus the other.
Now, if it's a very low graded trade, that means that it's a higher risk trade.
So let's say, for example, this trade has a total of five confluences, right?
That would be a 50% grade, which in the US, that's a D. Pop up here, the grading system
in the United States of America.
This is what I barely graduated high school with.
So 50% is a bad grade, which means that it's a higher risk trade.
Now, let's say we were to get 80% on this trade in terms of points and things that we
were to add to confluences.
Now, it's not as high of a risk trade because you have more confluences for it to go in
one direction versus the other.
So this is a higher risk trade because it doesn't have that many points.
Does that fucking make sense?
Makes sense.
All right.
If you understood, let me know in the comments below.
But the point is that we're looking to enter this trade very soon.
Next is Euro AUD.
So I know this wasn't on the watch list earlier this week, but we just added it right now.
Well, it was at the bottom of our watch list, but we just didn't prioritize it because it
didn't look that clean.
Now we're actually going to implement it.
I don't love the daily timeframe simply because we're bullish, but we are under this
very strong level of resistance, resistance, resistance, support, resistance, resistance,
resistance, resistance.
Clearly, whenever we're under, we're rejecting.
Whenever we're above, we're rejecting to the upside, and right now we're clearly under.
I love how the four hour is bearish and it's creating these very clean lower, lower, lower
high legs.
Now we have a pullback right into this level of resistance, how it did here.
Break retest, and we can expect that sell.
Break retest, and we literally expect that same motherfucking sell.
Did you see here?
Two little candlestick pullback.
Two little candlestick bull pack.
Boom, boom, boom, boom.
That's what the fuck we can expect to happen.
I could be wrong, but this is what I'm going to look for in order to enter this trade.
So in order for me to enter this trade, I just needed to have a better engulfing.
I needed to just reject that area again, and if it closes with an engulfing like this,
I'll pretty much just enter that trade.
It'll be very clean and very solid.
So what I'm going to do is put an alarm under that structure level so I can know when it's
going to body close.
Next, GDPUSD had the move.
So obviously we were looking for shorts yesterday.
The shorts never broke and retested under this area right here, how I just mentioned.
So what happened?
We avoided that loss.
Patience, fucking patience.
Patience, patience.
You have to have patience.
If we had taken another one of these trades, we would have literally lost.
We didn't lose because we're patient.
So this right here is a prime example of why you need to wait.
Now, this is where we are going to look for buys.
Now the buys are obviously a little bit far.
I'm not even going to focus on that.
The NZDUSD, which is a trade that we had for last night, the trade never pulled back as
far as we wanted to to enter the trade.
So it did end up having the move exactly how I anticipated, which fucking sucks.
So literally out of all the markets that I've been predicting, I've been pretty much calling
literally every single move.
So I'll update you guys in the next hour.
Or maybe not.
More or less, if I end up taking USDCAD or Euro AUD.
And today I have my swim shorts on, you know, I might go out on the boat today because we
got nothing else to do.
So literally, I don't know, five minutes later, this is currently almost breaking the neckline.
So you guys can see how it's flickering right now.
It was just breaking above that neckline, but we still have 27 minutes in order to actually
enter this trade.
So like you see, it's actually like flickering through like about a break above.
But we cannot.
We cannot enter a candlestick if it has not closed this ever to close like that that I
enter.
But it has 27 minutes to actually close.
So this right now, for all I know, it could be creating a candlestick like this.
It could be creating a big wick or it could be creating a I don't know, I have to wait
for the 30 minutes to close to see how this closes.
So there's a lot of traders make mistakes that the answer trade off of how that candlestick
is forming right now, when it's not a real candlestick, you can't count that as a bullish
engulfing.
It's not a bullish engulfing until it doesn't close.
Look, so that right there, you guys would enter off of that candlestick and call it.
Yeah, bullish engulfing.
It's like, well, no, it hasn't closed this and in the next 30 seconds, it can literally
just and becomes a completely different.
So I'll beat you guys in 30 minutes.
All right, guys, I'm on camera duty right now.
So I have to step out real quick.
But what I'm about to show you guys is literally one of the lessons that it took me probably
a year or two to really accept it and understand and become patient.
And I'm just showing it to you guys on this.
This video so easily, and it can go right over a lot of your heads if you're not in
the right head space to pay attention and learn from this, because it's not about how
much money you can make.
It's about how much money I could save you by just avoiding these stupid mistakes.
And you're going to make more money by avoiding these stupid mistakes because you're going
to have more money to bet and risk by not losing money on these stupid things.
Look at this.
So this, as you can clearly tell, is about 15 minutes from when we were last.
You can see the candlestick and the charts.
You can see there's 12 minutes left in the candlestick.
And you can see how this did not stay above.
It's exactly what I said.
You cannot base a trade off of the candlestick that has not been fully closed yet.
This candlestick has clearly now rejected, has created a fake push.
And that's exactly what I said.
For all I know, this candlestick could be creating a candlestick just like this one.
That's exactly what it did.
So Alex of four years ago would have taken a loss here because he would have entered
off of that push.
The candlestick was just going to completely rip through the fucking screen.
But no, that's not the case.
You have to wait for the candlestick to close and look at that.
We avoided a unnecessary drawdown, right?
Because let's say that this does that push from the upside, we avoided unnecessary drawdown.
So you have to wait for your entry confirmation.
So for now, the next step that I'm going to be waiting for is just same thing.
It's going to be waiting for a body closure above this retested and head to the upside.
So I think it's proper to say that we should go spend the day at the boat.
We got nothing else.
I do today.
All right, guys, straight up.
They said is exactly how the candlestick has closed.
As you guys can see, a new candlestick has just opened and that we have 55 minutes for
that one.
So yeah, let this be a lesson for waiting for the candlestick to close.
You can't trade a trade off of an impulse and that right there is what experience gives
you.
So that right there shows you why experience pays.
Now this is something that took me like two years to really, really get.
So don't let this go over your head.
Pay attention.
So we're going to check back in.
And if I related today, just waiting for another retest of that, do the markets are exact same
spot kind of slowly in the markets.
So let's go out on the boat today and set a forget our guys trade update is currently
437 in the afternoon.
So the daily time for candlestick is about to close.
You guys can so we're all sweaty right now because we're trying to move the Punisher
stopped working.
So we thought it was gas.
It did not run out of gas.
We went to go buy a jug of gas, brought it back, put it up.
We pulled it up.
We pulled it up.
We pulled like pulled it.
You know, if you cars that are manual, if you pull it, you jumpstarted through into
second purse.
Nothing.
I think there might be something with the spark.
My opinion.
I'm not a mechanic, but I've fucked up a lot of cars in the past and that's what I think
is going on.
So they're going to take it to the shop now next to my Rolls Royce Phantom next to my
Porsche GT three and next to my what are the cars in the shop parking lot slinging the
land.
Yeah, I know.
It's still going to land there.
I feel like I feel like one of these wannabe good traders that are trying to blow up right
now.
Like, I feel like them right now.
I only have one Ferrari.
I only have one Maybach and I only have one $5 million house and only one $200,000 AP.
And you get them numbers up, buddy.
Fuck.
I feel like such a bitch.
All I can say is that next video, I mean, I hope it's next video for giving them blue
balls now.
Yeah.
No, it's going to be next video.
So all I got to say is next video.
I'm going to crack.
All I got to say is that next video, I am not going to disappoint.
This driveway will no longer be empty.
Trust me.
Believe me.
Believe me.
So now I'm going to push it back into place.
Oh, and the Cybertruck, Cybertruck right now is getting service.
We have four cars getting service right now.
That's why the driveway is looking kind of weak, but next week it's going to be on fire.
Let's push the car back in.
Trade update.
Let me show you guys.
Currently the trade that we were looking to enter earlier.
They gave us that bullish engulfing.
We never entered the trade.
We avoided a loss by simply remaining patient.
Next is GBP USD price never came back and gave us a pullback.
NZD USD is gone.
The other trade we're looking to enter is Euro AUD, which we have not had the rejection
candlestick that we're looking for.
So as of right now, no trade for the rest of the day.
Now we're going to look for to enter maybe early London session tonight.
So stay.
Stay tuned.
All right.
So we just left Jordan's house right now just to check up on him to see how he's doing.
Jordan's getting better.
It's just, you know, slow recovery.
It's his third time doing the surgery, so his body just takes longer every single time
to recover.
We're going to come back later, do an ice bath with him so you can kind of just get
rid of this inflammation and swelling.
Now we're going to go hit the gym and hit the gym in like five days.
That's Miami free.
We've been doing it before.
Now right here, it's dry.
This right here, this is a drift street.
So you don't know.
I'm actually legally blind.
I was negative seven point fifty in my eyes of the LASIK on both eyes, but I didn't recover
one hundred percent.
So I'm probably negative one point twenty five right now.
Right.
That's just look trade up.
The guys drove the it is currently one in the morning right now.
So I've just been tired.
Like every single day that I work out.
i get really tired later throughout the day but trade update looks like i stayed up for this time
fucking nothing i hate staying up too late and literally not entering a position that i would
want to enter let me just show you guys so currently on euro aud you guys can see i've
been waiting for a rejection from this area and we did but like always as soon as the candlestick
rejects i always wait like for a little bit in order to confirm the entry and then pretty much
we just started to have to push back up also we were not in session you can see down here that
it was not right before 11 session i always look to enter a trade right around this time which is
about to be 1 a.m ideally now i don't always have to do it but it's where i have the best
probability trade so obviously i've always some drawdown on this position i'm still actively
interested in entering it i'm just going to probably wait for now another rejection from
up here how we've done here in the past a little rejection will make me want to enter this
trade so i'm just going to wait for now another rejection from up here how we've done here in the
trade so i'm just going to wait for now another rejection from up here how we've done here in the
trade usd cad obviously the daily candlestick closed under so we avoided that loss to
perfection i still want to enter the buy but once and only we managed to break and retest above this
so something like this and i'll be interested in entering this position which honestly could
happen this week just having a beautiful four hour lower low so if it does shift we look
perfect and then yeah pretty much everything else is just waiting for the
perfect and then yeah pretty much everything else is just waiting for the
perfect and then yeah pretty much everything else is just waiting for the deeper retracement gbp usd deeper
deeper retracement gbp usd deeper
deeper retracement gbp usd deeper retracement to buy
retracement to buy
retracement to buy nzd usd we are having current oh
nzd usd we are having current oh
nzd usd we are having current oh maga what the
maga what the
maga what the fuck
fuck
fuck oh wow i just saw this right now so nzd
oh wow i just saw this right now so nzd
oh wow i just saw this right now so nzd usd
usd
usd i'm actually laughing because one of my
i'm actually laughing because one of my
i'm actually laughing because one of my friends called me earlier he's like yo
what should i do with nzd usd i entered earlier this week sunday night when you sent it out on
sunday swings this is one of my friends that i went to high school with literally one of the
only close friends that i have outside of you know my my team and he told me he's like yo should i
close nzd usd or do i hold i'm like dude if you hold it can have the risk of having a pullback
i don't think you should hold that you should close he's like nah nah nah i'm gonna set and
forget i'm like brother you have to know when to set and forget and when to not set and forget this
is not the time you don't want to like not close this trade and i'm laughing because i know he is
i don't i'm gonna call him i'm gonna call him yeah so i'm not friend i'll call you a hundred
times i don't give a yeah you're sleeping have you seen your trade yeah bro me i told you bro
you told me to have a pullback
this is what i told you bro i told you i was gonna have a pullback bro you don't listen
to me dog what do you think you told me set and forget no no no no no no no i told you don't
set and forget this trade it's gonna have a pullback you didn't listen to me bro yeah i
literally told you bro i'm like yo it's gonna it's gonna have the pullback if you keep holding
the trade you're probably gonna get stopped out dude no i know i really don't care now i'm really
gonna set it for you i don't care anymore
oh all right that's on you all right i'll let you know that next trade
me better he doesn't listen to me he you guys you guys don't get it
you know but it's funny because he he doesn't trade he's just like bro dude you've motivated
me so much off off of your instagram stories that i just deposited 500 bucks he ran it up into like
15 000. and he's like you know i'm going to take these 15 to like 100 like
Yeah. You sure? Off of what? You don't know how to trade. He's like, yeah, but I just copy you.
I'm like, dude, that's not how this works. You just, you gotta know. So yeah. So back to the
charts now, clearly NZDUSD is now having a much deeper retracement than I anticipated.
And I'm actually liking the buys. I just have to wait for a solid rejection of this level
in order for us to enter this trade. So I'm actually going to move this market
to the top with the other ones because I'm very interested in it.
Okay. Next is GDP CAD, no pullback. Euro USD having a push without retracing where I wanted
to. And then Euro GDP, not interested. So basically USD CAD waiting for the break and
read this above. Euro AUD waiting for a rejection. And then NZDUSD waiting for a rejection.
So yeah, guys, that is pretty much it. It is currently pretty much one in the morning.
I am going to knock out probably in the next 30 to 45 minutes.
Maybe. I just sit here in front of the computer, watch YouTube videos. I get educated on a lot of
stuff. And yeah, so I'll probably see you guys tomorrow in the morning. So I will see you guys
then. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. How do you know about that profitable trader shit?
Market trade out there right now. It's currently 9.30 in the morning. Last night, you know,
it's kind of funny, right? Because I don't know how this works or the science behind this. And
if you guys know, let me know in the comments below. And I'll see you guys in the next video.
Let me know in the comments below. But it's a little bit weird, right? So last night, I got
five hours of sleep. And it says I got 70% recovery. But the majority of my sleep was
like two hours and 47 was restored sleep, right? So then if I go to yesterday,
I slept six hours, I took a nap, and it says 50% recovery. So I slept almost 30% more,
and I got 30% less recovery.
All right, I come here to the next day. Well, this day, I really didn't sleep anything for
hours, but still that much. Then this next day. Look at this. Oh, yeah, 20% recovery.
So I slept three hours that night. And then I took an hour and a half nap. The day before
slept four hours. Yeah, so I don't really be sleeping at all. If you guys can kind of know
this is why I get so much shit done. I'm literally up 90% of the day. Those of you guys that sleep
90% of the day. That's why you don't get any sleep. So I'm going to sleep 90% of the day.
Nothing then. But market update. So let me show you guys where the market is. So last night,
you guys can see that I was waiting for another confirmation rejection from this level to enter
the trade. That did not happen. So we did not enter the trade. Even though we did get that,
it's just not what I wanted. It's just not it's not it doesn't look like the right price action
in order to enter the trade. So we avoided another loss on this market. Now what I could
be potentially looking for is going to be for buys. So if you guys can kind of see what I'm
seeing here. This daily candlestick body closes above. We're gonna wait for a retest to them by
exactly how we did right here. Body close above retesting them by but that could probably be
something for next week, because we're already on Wednesday. So you know, technically only have
about like a day and a half left Friday, you don't want to take a trade on a Friday. That's
next is going to be USD CAD, which we are still anticipating for this price to have a break and
retest above.
Finally, just moving very, very, very slow. Looks like the market momentum is just slowing. I mean,
look at look at look at this week's price action versus last week's. Like there's a big difference.
This is where you want to be trading. This is where you don't want to be trading. And last but
not least, it's going to be NZD USD. So let's say we are having some type of accumulation from this
area. I don't love the fact that we are having a ginormous daily bearish candlestick pullback.
We are going to potentially close like that because that candlestick only has seven hours. And I don't
think within seven hours, we can completely retrace and reject this level. So what I want to be waiting
for is to see how the daily candlestick closes so I can potentially enter this trade in London
session tonight. If we keep accumulating like this, I might be interested in taking this position. I'm
not super excited about it. I'm just keeping my eye on it. It looks like the only active position that
the market is actually giving us. So this is the only trade I'm actually looking to enter depending
on how it rejects.
GBP CAD just waiting for the pullback. GBP USD waiting for a deeper pullback. So this is the
loss that we avoided earlier this week from here. We had a ginormous push and we're waiting for a
retest at this level to react. But I actually wanted to retest this level before the other one.
So yeah, that's pretty much it. Slow week so far. And I told you guys this at the beginning. I don't
know if I told you guys here. I did tell my students in the community though because I get
live with them every single Sunday. So I literally tell them like, look guys,
I don't want to say we got lucky, but we timed the beginning of this challenge very well. So I was
telling the students that at the beginning of the week, don't approach this week as if it were to be
last week or the week before or the week before. We started the challenge at a week where the
market momentum was moving so fast and it was giving so much volatility that it wasn't normal.
And you just simply look left. You statistically look to the left and you can see that the moves
that were happening in the last week or two haven't happened in two years. So keep that energy
that, hey, just because it happened these last two weeks doesn't mean that it's going to happen
next week. Because you got to look at the trend. This is a, I don't know, a black swan event,
right? And that's what they call it. That this market has moved this much in these two weeks.
And it's also a black swan event that we started the challenge on this week. So it's a really good
start to the challenge, but it's not the realistic events of what the market is going to give us for
us to have that approach to these following weeks, because the market does not have these
type of moves every week. Now that's just a higher level of thinking. A lot of new traders won't
understand that if you're a new trader, you just literally won't get it. If you're an experienced
trader, you'll get it. You'll know that there's good weeks and you'll get it that there's bad
weeks. You just got to know when to be involved in the good weeks and when to avoid being involved
in the bad weeks. It's not about being involved every week. It's about knowing when to be involved
and when to not be involved. And how do you know that? By simply having experience and being here
today. So this week and last week, I kind of explained a little bit of that. I'm like, look,
I don't see the same marketing that we've been having at the beginning of the challenge now.
So we should sit back a little bit and wait for those opportunities to come. But now we're going
to lose. So this week, I don't think we might enter a trade. And if we do, that'll be great.
If not, we just wait until next week. I've been 30 days in the past. I've been a whole month,
like a month and a half almost without taking a position because there was just no opportunities.
No, obviously. But I don't know. I'm just going on a fucking rant right now. Well, we'll check back
in 930 in the morning. We will check back in in a couple of hours. All right. So right now, trade
update. It's 1 1 1 20 and up. But there's these kids in the neighborhood that always put up and
they just like talk shit. They're like fans, but they're like really. Last time they hustled me,
they sold me some candy, some cheap ass old candy for like 100 bucks. Like I got robbed. You know
what? I respect the hustle.
So we literally just met you a minute ago. What's going on? So gone.
Yeah. So who's this? Charlie? You guys want to see my cat fight it? You want to see my cat fight it?
Yes. Yes. I want to see a fight. You want to see a fight? No, no. Yeah. It's three against one.
I can't see how she acts. Oh, no.
All right. I didn't hear it. Oh, oh.
Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Her nose is a cut. So don't worry.
Oh, Daniel?
Oh, oh.
So yeah. This is my office. This is where I trade.
Do anything.
all right do any of you guys do any of you guys know how to trade no no do you guys know what
trading is i don't trading all right somebody sit down who wants to be in the house you know
my dog are you sure you want that spot yeah you sure we have other videos when you're like
showing the trading all right is this gonna go up or down it's going up it's gonna go up
raise your hand for up all right two up raise your hand for down dude you haven't even looked
at the charts all right so this is gonna go down why what about this one do you think it's gonna go
up or down right here so price is right here right now do you think it's gonna continue going up or
do you think it's gonna go down i think it's gonna go down he's low-key two for two you think this
is gonna go up or down yeah that's going i think it's gonna go up dude they're actually they're
actually getting it bro that's actually kind of crazy you guys have
not got anyone wrong huh yeah you have not got well all right like not like the whole move but
like a piece of the movie you guys having all right let's go boys i gotta get back into some
meetings gotta get back to some work trade update it's currently like five o'clock no trades right
now i'm gonna play some basketball and hit the gym so but i'm gonna get backwards you didn't make
it
oh yeah
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
all right ladies and gentlemen market update it is currently
904 in the morning thursday morning you know what i've realized this week has just consisted of
dodging bullets like we've been off week like like literally like let me make sure it's just not
all week has consisted of
Dodging bullets now. Yes. This is a real gun. It's never been shot. It's never been loaded
Don't worry for the people in the comments that are going to be sensitive. I know how to handle some type of
So yeah, I I've gotten trained on how to hand the weapons. I am very educated on weapons. I respect weapons very dearly
Many weapons so for those of you guys in the comments are gonna be sensitive. Don't worry
I've been educated on it. But yeah this week has consisted of dodging bullets
we have had some trades that we could have entered and
Obviously they were on the higher risk side of it currently right now
You guys can see that the account is exactly the same. We have not executed any trades so far
Which kind of annoying because we took stupid losses last week and now this week we
The same losses we took last week that were counter trend trades
We could have taken them this week
That would have made us the money because that's what the majority of this week has consisted of counter trend trades price have a pullback
But it's okay. It is what it is lessons everything happens for a reason
But it's just been dodging bullets. We've just been missing all these different types of traits
So let me show you guys so to start off is going to be euro. I know NZD USD
So yesterday we anticipated for price have a pullback and then obviously we're looking to enter at this area
If you notice I've been calling all these pullbacks perfectly. It's been getting right to the area
It's been giving the engulfing which is
the entry signal
But then obviously, you know, we don't have the full ship the structure and everything
We're looking forward to enter the trade like we do have it here. But I mean this happened that
5 in the morning. I was
So this is a trade that I would have possibly taken but again missed it because of the time zone
I've been dodging bullets all week on this another pair is going to be
Euro AUD your AUD we were looking to enter the cells here about a day or two ago
Then we had the break then on this pullback. We were looking for a buy now
We broke under and then we're looking for the cell now
We're breaking back above and now we could be looking for the buy. It has just been an absolute shit show
All right. Next is gonna be USD CAD
So USD CAD we had the pullback of this level of area of interest the morning star formation
Rejection from this level and then again avoided that loss because we had the push to the downside notion structure
But now we're under this area of interest whenever we're under
So we can't buy if we are under it looks like we're bringing above
Which is where we're gonna be looking to enter this trade and after it breaks above which is this right here
We're gonna have a retest. So we avoided a loss here on this area avoided an unnecessary loss here
If we were looking to sell simply because we were under it's just been I'm telling you off
so
Those are the trades that we could be possibly taking now for sure GBP you is the I'll be interested in next week
This is not going to be ready for this week
GBP CAD is going to be ready for next week as well. We've had the break but never had the retest
euro USD look at this just having a major pull back this shit like I don't even like I'm not even looking at
Euro GBP is now finally having the pullback as well
So I say the main focus could be GBP USD for a deeper retracement right around here to go long
NZD USD possibly little retest to go short
so we're gonna remove this and
move this because we're no longer looking for that now we can do is look for a retest of this
neckline of the head and shoulders retest of the round psychological level 60 000 retest of the ema
retest the previous structure level to then head to the downside so you guys are seeing how it looks
good like that's why you have to find these killer support and resistance zones because whenever
you're above it you're just ready to buy whenever you're under it you're just ready to sell that's
i say that's why it's the second most important thing the first most important thing is trend
second most important thing is going to be the area of interest so euro or no nzd usd that's
what i'm looking for euro aud is same thing you know we're going to be waiting for rejection from
here this is probably the only trade that i could take maybe today depending how it closes um and
then usd cad we just gotta wait for a retest so i'd put euro aud as number one nzd usd as number
two gbp usd
you
as number three so you guys are seeing oh exactly what i said look at this we remember
that channel that i drew out that i had to take out because it was pissing me off at the beginning
of the week well look at that how about now how about now you see this the same theory that i had
we have this humongous channel we then break out of it we retest it and then we head to the upside
look at it now here in gbp usd the ginormous channel
we break out of it we are now retesting it and then we're gonna have the push to the upside wow
set and forget once again giving you guys well that's crazy patience patience patience that is
literally the key to this just waiting for all this to play out so today we have podcasts um i'm
gonna go tour a penthouse i'm gonna be getting a penthouse very soon here in brickell brickland um
and then uh sensei is gonna go buy
some cars we're just gonna go with him i think my car is almost ready we might pull up and see
i might give you guys a little sneak peek and then after that we are going to see where the day takes
us so take a ride with us today on a little vlog that we have because there's no trades that are
gonna be ready anytime soon from what i'm seeing here so it's a little vlog day that we have to do
today so podcast penthouse tour and then new cars all right guys straight update as of right now
still no trade in the account it's 11 30.
in the morning gbp usd is having somewhat of the move so we can kind of see that it's having
the rejection i did not expect that for it to happen right now which kind of sucks so we're
gonna see if we can possibly enter that later today maybe i don't like entering trade i mean
the last thing that i like entering a trade is thursday night so that friday morning hopefully
has a push and then we can just close right before market close if i'm not in a good amount of profit
and then we'll see what happens in the following week so i don't know we'll see how it goes right
now we're on our way to do a podcast with the students after the student podcast we're gonna
go eat early on a fast and then after we eat we're gonna go look at the new penthouse that
we might potentially add to the collection of that we have and the way oh by the way for those
of you guys that don't know the ferrari has the craziest horn so it does not beep here like the horn is literally like right here so
so and then there's also one on this side right here so you have like both your thumbs
so after we look at the penthouse we're gonna then go watch
sensei buy new cars and we're gonna go see if my new car is ready so we'll update you guys
so these are our npcs right like look i'll give you a perfect example right i
guarantee you this next car it's just somebody automated
that might be a cop this other in drive whatever this is right whatever this is it's just it's not
a real person it's just a bot that they're just driving no they're just not driving anywhere you
know like when you enter the lobby room in gta and it's just cars driving going nowhere same
thing people are just driving it's not real and it won't affect any of their journey because they're
not going anywhere like i can just cut look like i can just cut off this car right here
nothing happens right it's just their npcs
so we're going to be looking at literally that top floor yeah we're going to be looking at the one
right under now it's not this building but we are literally going to be at the top top top floor you
guys are going to see now in just a second after this podcast this is crazy like where i live right
now it's a very suburbs area far from the city which is where everything is going on right now
you know like whenever i gotta do something i gotta always drive to the city it's like 45
minutes i'm like dude you know what i'm i'm tired of this
right let's just just get a spot in the city whenever i want to stay there i stay there
whenever i want to stay far away i stay far away because bro it's not it's not worth this commuting
every time this is 45 minutes right now no traffic if there's traffic it'll be easily an hour
something for sure oh oh holy wait so you threw in like your own yeah so so i basically
i've changed it to trading made simple so tms that's sick yeah that's my logo right there like
tms sick profitable trader that's how you know all right well no what kind of foods do you like
and i'll recommend you to a spot anything well what what do you like to eat i like sushi sushi
place i've never had it but i'll try it you've never had sushi i tried i tried fish last night so
i had uh crab cakes crab cake shrimp so you've never had sushi we're gonna go eat some sushi
after here bro i'm gonna actually invite you to some sushi yeah have you ever used chopsticks
all right first initial attempt we haven't taught him anything how do you pick it up
i thought about a tray now we're gonna teach how you stop go like this do everything around
don't get dirty right you got it you're gonna move inside and you're gonna add this one on top
so you're gonna leave the middle finger off yeah yeah but not not up here you want to be back over
here like the further the better so then like this and you just use the middle one to go and
grab it literally exactly how it was
just go ahead and grab it learn it stop really good so this is wagyu gyozas
with some truffle have you ever had truffles
you're gonna think we're faking this so this is truffle right here truffle is like a
it's like a butter so get the truffle just try it like that
good right it's like an interesting taste it tastes better with food
see look you're now you're a natural bro
it's good
i think earlier that you've never been in a high building no
how does this feel bro
trade up there right now it is currently 3 55 in the afternoon still no trade yeah i can't enjoy
the ferrari now we'd be sick
it's literally sinking yeah so miami has a blood hazard
every trade from you i get smacked from behind you're gonna win on both you always
went on both you mean dirty like a dirty whore all right so we'll flip we'll flip a coin 175
160. 175 170 yes and uh how about the gt3 how much you want what'd you pay 350 grand
i paid 400. what do you owe let's go 230. 230. or you want me to go to business
puppy i want to be here
i gotta think i you know i want to be able to do this with you guys whoa okay okay okay
he talks fast that's a trick okay that's a trick that they do 165 170. that's done we shook hands
240 250. oh good of course this is what i do hey jc give me give me my lucky quarter that's
double-sided okay all right i feel that they have something oh yeah go ahead tails never fail
let's go what is it
let's go
okay all right this is for the maybach tails
yo
you like that 250 165. let's go who's your daddy
why don't you want this one
yeah it always ends on penalty
i'm going to tell you the proper way to do a coin toss is you're supposed to let it fall
that's the proper way to do it see look yes
that's the proper way this was easy i was like all right cool i'm not gonna say nothing
that's it you're the problem
hey bubby the money came to friends that's all that matters come on trade update so right now
trade update euro aud i haven't had the rejection that i want in order to take this trade to the
upside nzd usd just consolidating not interested it may might be interested in buys if we break
and read this above gdp usd currently has not had a pullback so i've not been able to enter a trade
usd cad has not had to break and read this above how we wanted it and then gdp cad is
just something ready for next week all right guys so waking up a little late today actually not
really currently is 9 15 in the morning today is going to be a crazy day today is going to be a
long day we got a lot of going on so we have jane juice coming today he came all the way from
canada he canceled the trip to go see his family in the middle east to come see me instead of going
to see his family which
so we're gonna actually bring him with us to go get the car the new car that i have just gotten
and i'm telling you right now the new car that i have gotten is more expensive than this house that
i'm in right now yesterday we took the previous student to go the podcast to go eat and then we
went to go tour the penthouse with him now this student we're gonna go pick up my new with
oh i said the name well they blurted out um so if you're not part of the swing training
lab student community you missed it
now let's kick things off
We didn't last week
So let me give you guys the recap for the week so as of right now we do not...
take absolutely any trades this week which kind of
sucks because it somewhat sets us back a little bit from the momentum that we had
going and there was great opportunities this week in the market but we just simply did not
enter any of them and they were missed and we did avoid a lot of losses so let's get into it
To start off, let's start off with euro aud
So euro aud we originally started off the week...
interested on..
once price had retested this level, avoided the losses. Then once price had to the upside,
we waited for a pullback to then buy, avoided one of these losses as well. And then we were
looking to sell down here and then decided to start having a push up. So we avoided three losses
on Euro AUD that we were interested in taking just by buying above the support level and selling
under this resistance level. All right, next is going to be NZD USD. So earlier this week,
we anticipated price to have a push from this area to the upside. We never had to pull back
as deep as we wanted to. So we missed that trade. Then when it pulled back, we were anticipating to
enter the buy here. If we would have entered this buy here, it would have been something like this
and we would have probably got it stopped out. So we avoided this loss. But now it looks like
the actual trade is having the momentum that it does for it to head to the upside, which is good
because this trade is going to probably be my number one pair for next week. All I'm going to
simply be waiting for for this pair for next week is going to be for a quick retest of this area
for it to then head to the.
Upside. So this is NZD USD. Next is GBP USD, which once again, we have this channel right
here. Price broke out of the channel, retested the level of resistance, retested the level of
support, headed to the upside beautifully. Exactly how Euro USD did it. We had the channel,
we broke out to the upside. We then had the retest and then we took the trade to the upside.
So this trade was actually missed. I should have fucking taken this trade right here.
Which would have been a beautiful. It's already taken it somewhere in the middle of this candlestick
here. So this high right now, it would have been an easy one to 2.5 years to reward, but it is what
it is. My anticipation is next week after this very strong week in candlestick, it's going to
have a pullback. Then the next week it's going to head to the upside and blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah. Right. So daily timeframe, it looks very, very, very clean. We're going to leave this here
because I do this like what I'm giving you guys a quick recap right now is what I do every single
Sunday with my students.
But in detail, so I do the whole recap of what the week was like. And then I anticipate the
following week with the new trades that we're interested in taking. So JVB USD had the breakout,
had the retest is now heading to the upside. I think it could come back, retest and continue
heading to the upside. This market structure is very, very clean. So this is another market that
we predicted, but we missed. And then this sell from right here, we actually avoided that loss
right at the beginning of the week. Next is USD.
We were anticipating for price to have a rejection from here and head to the upside. We avoided this
loss because of this very strong bearish candlestick. If we would have obviously taken this
trade right around here. And now it looks like it's accumulating at this area where it can
potentially head to the downside, or if it breaks and retest, it could head to the upside, which is
truthfully the ideal situation. But for this one, we're going to have to sit on our hands and see
what the market is going to do. JVB CAD price did have, you know, it's going to be a little bit more
of a break above how we wanted to never retested it. And then your GBP is going to be a trade that
we're going to be interested in on this following next week. So you guys got to tune into next week
to see exactly what this market is going to do. It's very easy, right? We have level support,
support, support. We broke it, retested. We're going to look to buy this area. It's pretty
simple. And then lastly, Bitcoin, right? So I've never done Bitcoin here on YouTube. I believe
I strongly do believe that Bitcoin is going to have a rejection from this area. Head to around
here. If you notice, I have multiple different alarms notifying me of areas where I want to buy.
So I am not a BTC trader. I don't know how to trade BTC, but I am looking to invest some funds
into BTC. And this is something that I literally do every single Sunday with my students. It's
part of the set up for get community. If you want to know more about it, the link is in the
description below, but I literally share with my students to trade the investments that I'm looking
to do every single Sunday. It's a live zoom call. You can literally ask questions directly to me,
whatever market it is.
You want me to break down whatever questions you may have. I answer it every single week and I give
you the top markets that I'm going to be trading for the week ahead on this exact challenge. So if
you literally copy the trades that I am sending out, you're going to have the same results as me.
The student from yesterday, I was, I'm copying the hundreds to a meal challenge. I put in a
grand in it instead. And I'm at like 30 K I think right now. So that I thought I'll copy that. And
I thought if I can get that to a meal, that would be insane. Do you know what I mean? That that's a
massive live account because I don't. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Because all of this one, simple trade even because I think it's bitches.
Liberty said he turned $1,000 to $30,000 following the same exact trades that he's been seen on
Sunday swings, which is absolutely legendary. And that's the fourth person that has done that. So
it's a four for four out of the four people that have joined the podcast. Four of them are
having the same results, copying these same exact trades that they get on some of these wings.
Which is sick to run into more about that. The link is in description below and yeah,
now J juice is going to pull up in about a couple of hours. And then after that,
gonna bring him with us to go see the oh you could blur it out you could yeah so we're gonna we
bought a fucking now if you can guess the color of this if you can guess the interior if you can
guess the what else if you can guess the the mileage on this you win i know you win but you
win so we're gonna bring jane juice with us to go pick up because it is gonna be a crazy experience
for him and yesterday we took the student with us uh to go see the new penthouse that we were
looking to do and today you know what i like giving this experience to you guys out there
because you guys trust in me and i'm like you know what let me just give you guys the access
to this lifestyle that you guys can very easily obtain by simply showing up every single day so
jane juice literally did not go see his family to come see me so i'm gonna make sure i made this
experience worth it so just stay tuned for another day in the life
with me all right so currently right now it is 3 54 in 350 in the afternoon so jane juice is
literally about to pull up so he pulled up late he was supposed to earlier for a podcast pulled up
late so what we're gonna do is we're gonna go now to tpt pick up a watch and then we're gonna
go straight to go pick up the bugatti so jane juice is a student from the 30-day boot camp and
has had one of the craziest results anybody from the boot camp and we're about to meet him right
now in person then just is falling out here huh
look at you this ain't no it's real when your students pull up on a crazy whip you like this
what's up what's up yo what the yo i didn't turn it off because i don't know where
you are brother what's up man i hear the accent really one of my boys is from montreal
from montreal montreal really yeah yeah he has the same accent as you my accent is not canadian
no no i like i've only been there for like three years you picked them on it quick all right so
we're on on a time constraint um
where do i park no no you gotta follow us i follow you okay follow us to uh we're gonna
go to neo tpt and then so we're supposed to do the part wait do you know what we're doing today
or no yeah yeah no really yeah we lost it so i like putting people's driving skills to the test
how good or bad people are
there's a key on how to like actually like race like the point is not acceleration or deceleration
the point is handling like everything i've just done right now is pretty much the car and like
neutral is just like what are you at i'm coming i need like nine minutes where you at i taught you
how to trade i'll teach you how to drive soon i'll teach you how to drive yeah yeah i got it
i got it i got it sir all right i'll see you there so literally right now we're gonna go up
and then insane right now i'll show you some watches bro like only rm
everything else now you have rolex you have ap paddock is not uh yeah maybe you could do a paddock
one day i'll just show you just to keep you entertained but this is still my favorite piece
if you did want it bro i'd hook you up honestly on that because i have two so i got you this is
insane insane factory diamonds like the baby blue looks so good i know i know and the price is good
on that too
that's that's about
right yeah factory you don't have any bubbles yeah these are bubbles up here black with white
oh very nice combo you can put white crown and black with red the black ones are limited editions
there's not what's up with this that's a solid gold 1103 and that's the solid so look they make
it in in titanium rows so the top b rows and the side titanium this is the solid gold case
and it's actually like a fifty thousand dollar difference alex for the sides to be gold but
people notice it like if you're wearing that it's like it's the most solid eleven
you can buy the solid gold how much is this bro i'll hook you up i got you here we go here we go
he's gonna go on though he's gonna go in the marketplace signing papers just like him bro
you're gonna go on the market face and add fifty thousand look at my chain bro
you said and forget with this bro oh so black and blue nowhere near nowhere near
let's just say pink you won't be disappointed i would be disappointed in pink though
just by the way okay okay but why why would you be disappointed because who buys
do it with the boys but then so when somebody says you know what i don't like the color
no so i bought a new car so you're ready yeah you don't know what car you want right
you look no all right so like i was gonna i was just gonna do this by myself you know but
i'm like dude you're one of the students from the 30-day boot camps i'm gonna give you like a little
bit of a hand-in-hand
lifestyle craziest one yet yeah yeah yeah trust me this is the craziest ever you're gonna trip
out yeah because to me i love cars like oh dude you're gonna trip out these guys i guess i can't
expect that but this is what like an everyday kind of looks like bro we're on missions so i'm
gonna say something and say some words of courage but all i have to say is set them forget that's
all i gotta say what do you think bro i have no words to say honestly and it's you're the only one
that knows bro i i i'm speechless honestly i'm not gonna say anything i'll i'll leave it for you
guys to see it


==============================
VIDEO 027 — I Tried to Turn $100 Into $40,000 in 49 Days Trading Forex-hiad0PbI47o
==============================

It's week seven of me turning this $100 into a million dollars.
Now, last week was a little bit crazy because I actually turned $8,000 into $22,000.
But now, the goal for this week is to actually turn these same $22,000 into $44,000.
So with that being said, let the challenge begin.
Well, it's Sunday right now, so this would be tomorrow for me.
For you guys, it'd probably be in two seconds.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to week number seven, turning $100 into a million.
So this week's goal is to turn the $22,000 into $44,000.
And you know what?
You want to know what's crazy?
Like, as I keep getting closer to this million, right, as I'm growing the account, people
are constantly, like, getting closer to me because they want to be part of, now, the
big number.
Nobody want to be part of turning the $100 to $200, $200 to $400.
It's just boring, right?
It's just super boring.
But now, I'm about to turn this $22,000 to about $30,000, $40,000.
Look what shows up here, huh?
I'm going to copy the trades.
So this guy doesn't know how to trade, right?
He's, like, learning how to trade now.
So I got to teach him.
And he wants to, like, look at his wallpaper.
Fan number one.
That's how you know it's real.
So be your own people as you start getting up.
They just only come when they need something.
Remember that.
Be your own.
So come here.
Come here.
This way, sir.
Come here.
Bring me the chair.
Get the chair.
All right.
So this is week number seven, turning $100 into a million.
So this is what we did here, right?
We do trade update.
What time is it?
11-19.
11-19.
Starting balance is $22,000, right?
So now, this week, we have four solid market opportunities.
All right.
The first one is going to be GBP and DD.
Right now, we currently have a very, very strong level of support.
We have resistance, support level.
All.
Throughout here.
And currently, we have a potential left head, right shoulder.
Obviously, if we were to break through that neckline.
But this market structure is bullish.
It went bearish, higher, low, higher, high, lower, low, lower.
And then it went bearish here.
Then after, as soon as it goes above this structure, it went bullish.
And now we're back at this strong support level.
If you look at it on the weekly time frame, it looks absolutely beautiful.
It is retesting these wicks and the structure weekly had a strong higher
high, now have a higher low.
Now we're at the round psychological level.
One, but 2.1, 200 or smart money concept, right?
Smart money concepts, smart money concept, smart money concept, or the blocks,
or the blocks that he's a smart money concentrate.
And look where he is, you know, that speaks for itself.
So, so daily timeframe, we are bullish and we are rejecting off of the support level.
So I'm looking for a little pullback to buy, but if we do body clothes under, I'm going
to then continue to wait for the retest to them.
So once we have.
The head and shoulders pattern, because then the four hour will also be bears as of right
now, we've had a reaction from this point to waiting for the pullback to have a reaction
to them.
They take this trade to the upside next is going to be NZD JPY.
We currently have three very strong weeks of a push.
Now measure the most recent three weeks of a pullback, the same three weeks don't even
make up.
For.
100% of the previous three weeks push, which shows you that clearly the sellers are in
the market and buyers are nowhere near stronger than the sellers.
So this is a good indication to look to continue to sell the last three weeks can even engulf
the last one week.
And coincidentally enough, we are also at this structure level and support and resistance
level.
Then on the daily timeframe, obviously you can see major sellers and look how hard the
daily timeframe buyers are struggling at this level of support and resistance.
As you can see, left is a very low level of support and resistance all throughout here.
So I hate using trend lines.
Once again, I hate using these channels, but it does look clean.
So we have this upwards channel that the market is currently moving in that it's just a visual
representation to show you that the market is having a bullish pullback for us to enter
this trade.
We have to wait for the break and retest to pretty much go on the cells is going to be
a very clean cell on this market, right?
Next is going to be NZD CAG.
So again, this is a very valuable lesson and learn this lesson because this costs me
about a year and a half of just losses to kind of figure out how to get to this point
where I am now, where I'm avoiding these losses all the time.
So let me show you.
So if you were to look at this trade, just in the four hour, you can see that the four
hour is very bullish.
You would see resistance break retest.
You would be obviously interested in buying.
If you were to look at basic market structure level here, you're going to look at something
and this right here is pretty clear indication to buy.
There's no way you're going to sell right into the support level.
But the mistake that traders are doing is that they're not taking account the higher
timeframes.
If you look at the daily, yes, daily looks absolutely beautiful.
Retesting structure, retesting structure, retesting structure to then head to the upside.
But we are clearly not rejecting that point right now.
Why?
That is because the weekly timeframe is at a higher high.
Notice how this was.
Creating lower, lower, lower high.
Now we are bullish with a higher high.
So you're essentially buying this market at this point right here on the weekly timeframe.
You're buying at pretty much the higher high, which is what you don't want to do.
The weekly timeframe can easily have a deeper retracement to head to the upside.
You're only focusing on this right here when you go to the four hour and you're not taking
account this whole move that the weekly timeframe has done to just create that minor pullback.
So I would consider this on the four hour, a fake out to just get some stop losses and
this will shift bearish.
So then the weekly timeframe has a deeper pullback.
There's a very higher level way of looking at the markets, but once you get it, it'll
make a lot, a lot, a lot of sense.
Next, GBPJPY, currently same exact thing as NZDJPY.
We've had three very strong weeks of cells, three very soft weeks of pullbacks.
And then we've had three very strong weeks of sales.
And then we've had three very soft weeks of pullbacks.
And then we've had three very soft weeks of pullbacks.
And then on the daily timeframe, we are currently creating what looks to be a double top formation.
We're going to simply wait for price to break and retest out of that neckline of the double
top.
And then in the four hour, it'll be a break and retest out of this consolidation zone
that we currently have right now.
This is very easy, very textbook.
I'm simply trading with the trend.
There's nothing else that I'm reinventing the wheel here.
Next AUDJPY, pretty much just the same thing.
Break and retest out of this consolidation zone.
We've had three very strong weeks of cells, three very slow weeks of a pullback, retesting
structure.
And you may ask, why are you taking the same trade of that kind of like the same?
They're all JPYs.
And the point is one of them is going to give the cleanest entry.
They're all going to have the move because they're all correlated the same or have a
very similar move because they're all correlated the same because of the JPY.
So what I do is that I put all of these different markets.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
And I simply take whichever one looks the cleanest.
I'm not stuck or biased on GJ where I'm not stuck or biased on AUD or NZD.
I don't really give a shit.
I actually don't care at all.
I care to take which one makes the most sense.
And which one is the cleanest.
So I'll put off four of them on my watch list and they're all going to probably four have
the same move because they literally just did the same move for the last two months having
to push and the pullback.
So I'm going to wait for now to see which one has the cleanest move.
So AUDJPY is literally pretty much the same thing.
thing then gbp chf is the one where it's a bit interesting was where you took it last week so
this one we have a retest of this level of support and resistance have isn't quite made it just yet
but it can definitely still daily time frame we are kind of creating what the double top of gbp
jpy kind of looks like looks very similar at this neckline point right here so what i'm going to
simply be waiting for is your price to just confirm to me that we're breaking out of this
area then i'll enter on the pull back to then sell and uh that's pretty much it euro gbp it
won't be ready this week and then euro aud won't be ready this week at all i gotta teach my new
student how to trade did you pay me already or no let's see yeah he's not he doesn't
all right trade update decided to come on the boat look what a beautiful day this all right
we got people jet skis
right now
we're out of gas this is a weekday
gas station which is right there profit of the trailer i need one of those already
yeah you definitely do
our honesty that is not a piece of i'm sorry yo we got a long way to go show my boys
it's pretty cool show them how far the bridge is
it's nothing like a miami view and a
prime time in the kick competition
so here's our offer we're here to put you on board hey man hold on i i'm running into a problem
it's just over there
we got money
make sure you guys are looking how much this stuff cost
we can料
what the hell is this
it's made from lack of transportation
bugatti probably doesn't even own a bugatti no but the guy that does enough isn't on that
ladies and gentlemen well technically good afternoon it's currently 12 in the afternoon
right now yesterday we got home from the boat super late took two trades last night
late into london session not not this kind of trade so no we didn't do it
this trade last night in london session i woke up super late i actually woke up early i woke up
like around 9 10 in the morning and i look i'm looking at the charts through my phone like this
like half awake with one eye i'm like oh marcus not doing anything i'm not gonna wake up slept
a little bit in the morning caught up on some sleep because bro this challenge has literally
literally been draining me right because i stay up during london session throughout the week
messes up my sleep schedule on the weekend and i'm just all over the place so i finally caught
up on some sleep
oh look look look look another train is pulling up
all right
unprofitable trader hello hello how are you look at this guy always looks fresh i came here to take
the traits you know we got no traits let's go back up so trade update currently let's start
off with gbp nzd so gbp nzd we have obviously been waiting for a reaction from the strong level
of support to take the trade to the upside yesterday once we had this push to the upside
i anticipated for price to have a pull back into here then have an entry
for the trade which is what i'm looking for we've talked about before we've talked about
the capital position and the capital position for trading in this market and what we're waiting for
is the trade to be active and particularly that's right we're looking to enter this position right
at this point but i was not active in front of the charts at 2 in the morning as you guys can
see down here so this kind of stick at 2 in the morning i was not interested in taking the trade
now i could be entering the trade but since it is currently 12 o'clock in miami there's no market
logical level or above and then I'm going to determine whether I want to
enter the buy or the sell next NZPJPY we are still in this channel simply
waiting for a breakout out of it to enter the trade patience is key in
markets at these times GBPCHF still waiting for price to break on the
destruction level to enter a sell might enter a little high risk sell now so
GBPCHF basically waiting for a break and read this under here to sell or I might
take a higher risk trade here NZDCAD we're still monitoring this to see if it
actually has a real reaction from this point or if it doesn't GBPJPY is
probably my next favorite prayer because it is confirming that we are in this
very strong consolidation zone right here and I'm gonna be waiting for price
to have a break and retest out of this consolidation to then enter this trade
very clear level of support very clear level of resistance break and retest is
going to be key to making money with this trade it's gonna be super super
super simple
and then lastly GBPJPY once again we're having a very strong level of support
here resistance waiting for a break and retest under it's like what I said the
cleanest ones are the JPYs which are gonna wait for which I want to give us
the cleanest move to then enter the position for this week so as of right
now market update it is currently 1217 not much else we can do other than set
and forget yesterday we went on the boat so let's see where today takes us
to go all right ladies and gentlemen trade update it is currently 713 in the
afternoon before we do this trade update let's take a ginger shot this is
not a sponsor ginger social made from man you know it's funny who might
think I work out that one worked out on like two weeks
all right trade update currently right now markets are literally exactly the same GBPNZD.MD.
currently right now markets are literally exactly the same GBPNZD.MD.
close exactly how I anticipated with the daily above the round psychological
level and the supports I'm gonna be looking for entries on this very very
very soon on the one hour time next NZDJPY still within this channel daily
time frame closes a doji at the top of this resistance this might be the
candlestick that gives it the strong rejection then head to the downside
GBPCHF we are still waiting for this to have this shift to the downside very
nice daily doji which looks fantastic GBPJPY we've had a very strong
daily doji as well waiting for the break and retest out of this box to enter the
position to the downside and as of right now as you guys can see we are currently
at the same balance of twenty two thousand six hundred and ninety six
dollars
and as of right now as you guys can see we are currently at the same balance of
twenty two thousand six hundred and ninety six dollars so now we're gonna go
play some basketball probably hit the gym for the first time in two three
weeks and the most importantly we're going to Walmart don't understand why
it's important there's three men living in this house right now we're surviving
just off purely uber eats like that is literally our surviving right now we
have dried out the cabinets we dried out the freezer we've eaten in the cafe I've
haven't been to a Walmart in over a year I'm just so passionate I want to go
probably get some stuff and see where we go from there
yeah you want some of these
zero sugar on these electrolytes no problem that's dope sugar right no dude but it's like
you gotta get the healthier ones bro you gotta only get pasteurized eggs these are brother
we're at Walmart we got them at least make enough just no shot you're never gonna do it
the sized the volume is the motion in the strings
need to go back and forth
how happened
guys know how
week seven hundred dollars into a million
I I had had to reverse our
dollars on the train now I'm not excited to be four thousand dollars I could do
shit
about the potential of this trade that we have taken if you have seen last week's series you
saw the loss we avoided on this position price had the push stop then push that's what we are
anticipating for this week to come ahead so we avoided not making any money this week simply
because we have experience in the market now let's look at it now so trade update we are currently up
four thousand dollars on gbp chf so if you guys saw last night's trade update i explained that i
was looking to enter a trade right around this area once we had the retest to then sell so
currently right now gbp chf has a very strong double top formation currently created right now
very strong bearish move if this trade hits all the way down here we'll fucking sweep one to eleven
risk to reward meaning we will take
right now we have 35 lots right so 35 lots means that it's 350 dollars per pip so we do 350 dollars
per pip times a take profit of 342 pips so 350 dollars times 342 pips drum roll please
a hundred thousand dollars in one single position the beauty of this is not
the beauty of this is that it's not a single position it's a single position
we're going to get to this no matter what what is the beauty is how much i'm actually putting at
risk so i'm only putting at risk so we have 30 pip stop loss so if i do 350 dollars per pip
times 30 i'm only putting at risk 50 of the account this is key to growth so i'm literally
risking 50 to almost 5x the account tell me that's not a fucking great deal so right now we are
currently just waiting for this position to have a confirmation body candlestick closure in the next
27 minutes under this level of support right here the other markets like gbp nzd we avoided this
loss last night by not entering the position here so it's a beautiful loss avoided and we
simply remove this market for us to be interested for the buys so we're not interested in the buys
well not just yet we've got to confirm if this kind of thing is going to close above or under
nzd jpy is still in this channel heading to the upside we are just remaining patients we are in
no rush gj we are still waiting for price to have the break and retest under to actually be able to
be interested in this position so still waiting on that and then nzd cad we're just still watching
gbp chf actively right now is the baby now gbp chf is actually something very interesting that
i might have not told you guys before gbp chf is actually the
pair that made me my money back in 2020. i was only trading gbp chf that was how i actually passed
the challenge how i got my first payout it was on gbp chf which is right around here it was right
around this market time over here so if i look at it on i think it's yeah it's right here it's
on the weekly time so back around over here when this was a very strong resistance level you can
see the dates down here right this is all facts 2020 down here this was at a very strong resistance
and i caught the break and retest
out of that resistance i caught this whole entire move not just one move but scalings throughout
this whole entire move i can almost guarantee you if i go down to the daily and i go back this right
yeah look at that there's still markups from that point back then like i would enter throughout this
whole oh look you can tell that i would mark it up because there's like little circles under the
dots that's probably like on the one hour time frame try doesn't go back that far in the one
hour but i have not taken a trade on gbp chf in a very long time in two years so
let's see if this can actually make us some money how it did back in the day but for now market
update is currently 10 34 in the morning and we are up as of this very moment right now oh had
pullback two thousand seven hundred dollars so i don't forget forty four forty four forty four forty
four forty four forty should i actually hit my knee
i don't give a because we are almost up forty four thousand dollars on the profit for
the week meaning we are about to hit the take profit for the week exactly as i expect let me
show you guys the trade where it is right now so once again we're currently up forty one oh forty
thousand dollars right now earlier about an hour and a half ago it was right around here
and this is exactly what i explained we need to price the body clothes under that structure
point to confirm that we're going to then the downside now we are currently approaching the
level and we are very strongly breaking under the key here is going to be that we remain under this
so we have a little retest to then sell but we have to come to a decision at that point
should we just close at 40 000 or do we hold that trade through that pullback which it could
realistically potentially go back further than this right here why well because on the daily
time frame if the daily candlestick let's say your body closes like this it can have a retest to then
this structure
level here now that's just going to be a lot bigger retracement than this point and we can
then potentially get a little wick out that can then go into our take profits my boys are calling
me against your training yo you didn't touch gbp chs because you didn't want to but i sent you
a signal no bro what do you mean bro what do you mean i didn't catch it you lost that oh yeah you
want a bet you want to face him oh oh oh i said i thank you that change yesterday oh you sent me
the dirt
no it's clean i mean it's gonna have a pullback though i'm not gonna lie no it is it is yeah it's
gonna have a foot did you take it no no bro what the yo i just sent you the signal oh so you
sent me the signal you don't take it that sounds like such a guru thing to do no no i'm in it though
i'm definitely in it fine fine i don't know yeah i don't have a pullback i think you should enter
on the pullback okay all right send me the signal
okay so yeah pretty much four hour canvas stick looks very strong very bearish engulfing
you can then wait for a little retest as well for them that structure level right there basically
more of the story all we got to do right now is set forget it just looks so lovely dude like
we're finally like making some type of decent money like look at this oh yeah lebron and wade
another one i want to trade today where's the drink
should we just set it for you
good morning ladies and gentlemen it's a bit of a late morning because i thought i would have this
fixed by this time but clearly i don't so currently right now it is 11 25 in the morning
now i am not upset because the position is indeed back into around our entry level
where we would have been a little bit in a drawdown and i say would have been because last
night you know i decided to close the positions as it was going back into our entry point because
i believe it was going to keep going but when i close these positions on the way to the entry
point the amount of slippage that i have received is something i've never seen in my whole entire
life and this is a brand new broker that i just decided to test out literally this week because i
believe it was going to be the one that i was going to share with you guys because they had a
really good offering no commissions pretty much no spread but i guess i didn't account the slippage
that they would be putting into your accounts this is actually the first position that i take
on this broker on the challenges in general and i'm definitely going to be changing platforms as
of today i'm going to withdraw all my money and then i'm going to go to a different one which i
actually know the guys that are behind it and that they are running it but the offer wasn't
as attractive as the one that i'm using right now i decided you know what let me go for the clickbait
thing which once again it uh that type of offer like what is too good to be true it always ends
up never working out exactly what happened right now the offer was too good and i simply got caught
in this whole entire slippage movement and i was brought in by the really great market conditions
because i want you guys to have the best market conditions if you want to start your own hundred
to the mill but this broke out of currencies right now is not it so i'm going to switch to
this other one next week because it's a lot more corporate fees are a little bit
higher but i can almost guarantee you this type of stuff will never happen but i am going to test
it out before you guys even do because up to this point of the challenge i have not marketed any
broker and the whole entire challenge the previous challenge or my whole entire trading career i'm
very very very selective and very picky how i would ever want to do this so this next one we're going
to test it out once again and see how it is but i'm so tired because this happened last night like
at 3 4 in the morning and i've been battling with the teams of the broker to see how they can fix
the profits it's not a big deal it's more of like the the morals behind this let me show you guys so
this is the trades from last night gbp chf you guys can clearly see that we closed out all three
positions at the same exact time one of them is in profit and then the other got split in half or
whatever and then it was in a loss so gbp chf last night i explained if we had a retest of
this level and a rejection to the downside we can very easily continue to head down
if not if we body close above we can come back right into our area of interest so we body closed
above and as i'm seeing this body close above and then i'm seeing this rejection from the ema but
then i see this retest of this level of support that every single time we're above we're clearly
heading up i say oh this is the area where i want to get out because i could get pushed
right back into my entry and i don't want to be in a loss at this point in the challenge i'm
doing so well so i decided to close my position right at that line right there right at one
point one one two eight two right at three in the morning four in the morning which is like
when london session is kicking in you guys can see down here the times and i closed out the first
position right the 20 lots so the 20 lots gave me two thousand dollars in profit now we're gonna do
some calculations right now because if i enter the position up at this point right here and then
we close out the position let's say somewhere in here that is a total of about 23 pips but
for argument's sake let's say 20 pips so i am currently risking two hundred dollars
per pip so it's gonna be two hundred dollars times 20 pips i'm supposed to be up four thousand dollars
on that position i'm up two thousand dollars so they ate up fifty percent of my profits but that's
fine you know what high fees i'll take it whatever not a big deal but then the other position when i
go close it it is then an
a loss why did i take a loss on the same position that i entered at the same spot
and closed at the same spot why did it close at a loss now this is where i get very skeptical about
these platforms because it's just so unnecessary like i just i just don't get it and this is why
i also split my lot sizes because everybody says oh why don't you just take 180 a lot it's for this
very same exact reason if i were to take 80 lots in a position it would literally have
one full slipped out position versus if i split the positions in half at least i get one and then
the other ones probably have a little bit of slippage so i i do this because i've dealt with
this before and i've been dealing it for a very long time but i do believe this next platform i'm
going to be a lot better because personally i've i've always had it there in the back burner these
guys have always mentioned it to me but i've i've never wanted to pay higher fees but i'm at the
point where i want to pay high fees but get the best market conditions so as of right now this is
a challenge on the account basically you're pretty much at the same starting balance for the
week gbp chf i do believe it could continue to have a push to the downside on the daily time
frame while having a very strong pull back into this level not what i expected as that far but
they expected to have this four hour rejection candlestick and if we do body candlestick close
under in the next hour and a half we can very clearly easily continue to head to the downside
especially if the one hour has a body candlestick closure under the
higher low because before this was a lower high lower low lower high lower low and now we have a
higher high next gbp nzd daily time frame has now closed the very strongly under so we're going to
be waiting for a retest to them so nzd jpy is still in this channel we are currently just
waiting for it to have a break and retest out of it gbp jpy still in the channel waiting for the
decad looks like it's having a pullback but not even interested and lastly aud jpy we are currently
waiting for this brick and read this out so man i just hate i hate i hate shady like
this because i'm doing everything as legit and as transparent as i can possibly do it
and there's outside sources that are affecting the work that i'm putting into this challenge
i'm supposed to be up right now probably let's say 30 000 even with the position being closed
at that point but because of the slippage and because of all that now
i get set back so i'm this is why i don't want to promote a broker to you guys because i want to
make sure it's good i don't want you guys to have to deal with this that i'm dealing with
right now i don't want to have that type of responsibility so i'm going to try uh beneath
this new broker if you know i see some opportunities this week which i doubt it
or if not as of next week we're going to start off with a new opportunity as of right now
pretty much at the same starting balance on the accounts so bummer bummer bummer look who we
have back
i've had it for a week and a half it already had to go in for service 40 000 service so
it's like the unnecessary loss of the slippage from the broker today
and then a 40 000 bill from the guy but she's back always got security young guys out here
they brought bugatti watch to do some videos of the bugatti one it's pretty sick it looks like
the back of the bugatti this side's the front oh what the fuck hey ladies and gentlemen it is
morning so i'm gonna do a trade up this is early usually i'm looking at the trades from my phone on
my bed but today i decided to wake up early and go out on the boat we got nothing else to do today
it's friday no trades in the market not interested on taking a trade at this time because usually
the market slows down right around 11 o'clock so i only have about three hours of trading
so in order instead of me just staying here and kind of doing nothing today i got on the boat so
let me actually show you guys another loss that we avoided and how this one simple trick has cost me
over 200 000 of dollars and took about two years to figure out so yesterday we had gpchf the whole
entire fucker remove that this obviously came back then here i was looking to then potentially
enter this trade again to the downside but obviously i cannot enter a cell unless this
time frame is bearish clearly right you can see lower low
lower high lower low cool right so right now this is the lower high time frame right here i mean
that's the lower high and then this lower low point is right here the moment we body close
above this lower high we then go bullish we body closed above so now this goes bullish as the
higher high and then the higher low moves to this higher low points this is now the higher low and
the higher high i can't take a trade here off just a bearish engulfing when this structure
is clearly bullish but you know what sometimes you can do this on a different time frame so if
you see up top over here we're going to change now to the 15 minute time frame usually the 15 minute
time frame can show you that shift the structure beforehand i'm just going to take off this risk
to reward this it looks a lot more clear so this is clearly the 15 minute higher low higher high
just put this simple higher low higher high higher low higher high so this is the higher low
then this is the higher high we are supposed to take the trade the moment we body candlestick
close under this line right here to confirm a shift of structure this would then mean that
the 15 minute time frame is now bearish what happened here did not body kind of stay closed
under so there is no shift structure so we did not take the trade on the one hour this is what
it would look like right there on the structure if i bring back the risk to reward tool
span this button back this is where we should have entered the position on this shift of
structure on the one hour this is what it looks like but we did not because there was no shift
of structure so then hence what we did is we simply avoided this loss because there was no
shift of structure see how easy it is you have to have area of interest or trend area of interest
entry signal share the structure so we avoided this loss to perfection gbp
and
zd this is definitely going to be a trade that is going to be ready for next week once we have this
retest of this neckline right here this retest of this neckline is going to be key to continue
selling this market to then the downside nzd jpy four hour time frame still in this bullish
channel we just simply have to set and or get gbp jpy is now at the top of this ranging market
oh gbp jpy there you go now it is once again at the top of this ranging market and this looks
beautiful on the weekly time frame area it decides to close just like that doji candlestick because
then this would be a beautiful resistance other than we can risk like resist from and then sell
to the downside on this following week and i simply get a horizontal line from this point
right here and i drag it to the left it's clearly a very well respected level of support and
resistance so this trade will be ready for next week so we're going to be ready for next week
next week nzd cad we had a pretty decent move to the upside so we technically did miss this one
can't even lie and then aud jpy we have not had the breaking recess under we're currently
approaching a very strong level of support and resistance and have to wait for that reaction so
as of right now nothing this is going to be an amazing week next week i felt as if all of this
week the pairs in the markets were getting ready for next week and there's some weeks that i like
to see some of the markets getting ready for next week and there's some weeks that i like to see
that some weeks are going to be slow and they're going to be prepping for the next week
and you just have to sit on your hands and not put money at risk when there's nothing to put money at
risk kind of how i did this week i put very little bit of money at risk for obviously a
great reward but i think this week was loading up for next week so let's check out what's going to
happen next week so we're going to go on the boat probably play a little montage and see where the
day takes us hopefully it doesn't rain it's a beautiful day as of right now let's hope it doesn't
rain on us out there that would really suck yeah i did i checked it that way we'll make it to the
beach at least we get to go to fisher island have you ever been no have you been there in your
experience i see this as a positive did we not bring one of those portable chargers yeah we did
yeah let's try it let's try and charge it well did we find ourselves in the same situation as
last time a broken boat trading is like the beach when uh trading
goes to his office he expects to then take a train when a surfer comes to the beach he expects to
surf a wave but if a surfer goes to the beach and there's no waves you can't do anything you're not
going to go out there and get risk eaten by a shark like literally there's no waves to surf
like right now you can't do anything if you go to your trading desk and there's no trades to take
you can't do anything there's no point of you over exposing risk when there's no great
opportunities in the markets there's no points of you coming out to the beach and trying to surf
when there's no waves now does it suck that you had to drive to the beach
and you had to get your surfboard and go through traffic to get here yes but it's part of the
game does it suck they had to wake up early look at the markets for two hours and then you don't
get your entry signal yes it sucks but it's part of the game it's the risk to reward of the
business that we're involved right now so days like today where the market gives us no opportunities
we just come to the beach so like this is already like this is the third time
straw yeah it is the last straw i'm getting a bigger boat
after the rain what comes after the rain buddy what comes after the rain
a winning trade more rain it's literally miami right here facts sunny one second ago and now
yeah bro dude now it's shiny ladies and gentlemen we have made it home so okay that's been an
interesting day you know what i thought i was gonna take you guys through a fun vlog and it was
be a great time not saying it wasn't but it just didn't go according to plan you know we went a
long long way we just went the wrong fucking way we ended up at the wrong spot but it is what it
is this week has consisted of a bunch of different interesting events that have happened so let's see
what next week has ahead for us for next week we're going to deposit these twenty thousand
dollars into this new broker that i'm going to be testing out which i will be letting you guys
know next week how that broker works hopefully it's a lot better than this one it's a lot more
corporate it's a lot more structured and it's a little bit more expensive fees but i won't have
these slippage which is extremely annoying so if you guys want to be part of the cause of me where
i literally share these trades every single week with my students click the link in description
below i'm going to literally give you access to my whole entire course i'm going to give you access
to my private and discord community i'm going to give you access to my set and forget strategy
which are the markers on how i
communicate with you guys so i'm going to give you access to my set and forget strategy which are
the markers on how i communicate with you guys so i'm going to give you access to my set and forget strategy
and predict these markets every single week even though this week it wasn't a profitable week
i was able to predict these market moves you're going to get all those three things and the sunday
swings for life meaning you're going to get on a live call with me every single sunday where we're
going to be able to break down the pairs live every single week to see what great opportunities
the markets have ahead for us and you're going to be able to ask me any questions live that you might
want to have right there you might ask questions right now in the comments in this youtube video
probably never read it but i'm going to be able to answer all of your questions in the comments
read it they're just too many so for everybody that gets on the lives of me every single sunday
i can answer them in much more detail so appreciate you guys watching this video all the way to the
end hopefully next week we can turn these twenty thousand dollars to forty thousand dollars
and no ridiculous events like this week have happened but
i guess the only way to find out is to see you next week see you guys


==============================
VIDEO 028 — I Turned $100 Into $332,588 in 12 Weeks Trading Forex-a03Vmo_d9Tk
==============================

it's week 12 of me turning this into a million day trading and i have a feeling i'm gonna have
to use this this week good morning ladies and gentlemen before i get started today
and i do a trade update i want to take this second to appreciate the iguana being here
like i don't i don't think you guys understand what this means for this week last week we ended
off the week with the iguana there's a lot of people watching me and now we started off the
week with the iguana every single time you want to come to we make money am i right am i wrong
do we not exactly what we're about to do right now technically the trades are loading so trade
up there right now the account is exactly the same and yeah two hundred thousand dollars on the
account obviously same exact history so gbp nzd at the start of the week yesterday we were interested
in waiting for a quick retest of this area to that cell and this would have been our first
profit two point one zero zero six nine but price set it to just start off the week and just have
that push right from the get we did not have the retest and then sell even though yes we did hit
our take profit zone we can still technically enter this trade if it does manage to pull back
all the way up to here because then it could create another lower low leg so i don't love
this price action right now just sucks that the actual move happened at the start of the week
without giving us the retest that we wanted to go
we're still very much interested next is usd jpy looks like it's currently building and heading
on its way up to here so we're just going to remain very patient waiting for price to retest
this level of support support and round psychological to then sell and then lastly
euro jpy we are at that area right now where we're looking to sell we are retesting the ema
retesting the ema retesting structure and retesting one six zero point zero zero zero
now
going to be looking for my entry signal here right around the maybe one hour time frame
or 30 minute time frame the only thing that i have to be on the lookout for this is that if usd jpy
still has a lot more upside potential to potentially make it here to then sell
that means that euro jpy is going to have that same push to the upside so that means that this
has a probability of breaking through here to then having to push once usd jpy actually reaches the
chance to有點who reaches this level so you got to take that into consideration like just because
this trade is at the area of interest doesn't mean that it needs to have to push right away
and just because this trade is not at the area of interest does it mean that it's not going to
have to push right away this one just definitely has more probability of retesting this area rather
than not every single time we get close to it we retested when we're above when we're under
we retested multiple times when we're under retested multiple times when we're above we
retested multiple times so now that we're under i do expect for it to re-test so then that means if
we're out of it we're not we're going to go under i just have to know for example we're going to go and
tasty going into market start down here a lot before when we got the interview just because we' lords all we did work all on this realm
that means that this is just a fake hour an invalid area of interest and then it's going to
make it up to then this next one that we potentially don't even have marked up here
so very much on my toes with this trade and looking at it very very closely every hour
and gbp nzd we're just waiting for price to make it up here to themselves so boring trade update
it is currently 8 46 in the morning and we'll update you guys as it goes if the iguana stays
there that's a sign bro that's a sign man that is the sign the best sign i can possibly ask for
this week to trade best sign all right ladies and gentlemen good evening so today it's been
literally a boring day i've been home all day haven't done anything i haven't even left the
day haven't even left the day haven't left my house today so it is currently 12 16 right now
the balance on the account is currently exactly the same we still have not taken
an
position in the account we're still at two hundred and one focus focus there
you go two hundred one thousand but tonight ladies and gentlemen we're going
to battle with the London session guys we are literally going to take the two
hundred to half a million well I don't know tonight I would really want it to
be tonight but there's a high possibility it is tonight the trades had
the move up but are retracing to the area ventures that I anticipated on
Sunday with my students and I showed you guys yesterday so let me show you guys
right now so first trade update is GBP NZD where we are currently having a
retest of this structure level exactly how we've been anticipating and when you
go down to the four hour the four hour is indeed coming back exactly to this
area how I wanted to what I love is that
it created the lower high and lower low and it's having this pullback without
breaking the structure so this is still technically the lower high this is still
technically the lower low whatever happens in between here is nothing so
this structure pullback does not shift the structure of the four hour so we
can enter this trade here rejecting the area of interest at the EMA and it would
be a perfect entry because our structure is still bearish I don't love that the
one-hour structure did go bullish because we were lower lower lower high
lower lower higher higher high now we're bullish we're getting very clear
rejection price action on the one hour but I'm gonna be waiting for a little
bit more of a shift the structure on the 15 minute 30 minute it's gonna be a
little bit more selective on this trade simply because I like a lot more USD
JPY so USD JPY just simply looks a lot cleaner earlier today we were down here
I was anticipating for price to make it back up here so technically I can
remove this and now I am expecting price from this point right here to have
you push the downside perfect left head potential right shoulder daily time
frame has come back to retest that daily area of interest the previous
daily body candlestick big close on there 144,000 so now it looks like we're
just waking above kind of basically doing what we did here last time I do
love how this is a very well respected level of support and support and I could
very clearly see this having a reaction tonight for London session especially in
London session I just need a little bit more price action as soon as we have a
shift of structure on this market I'm gonna be interested in taking this trade
this is the 30 minute time frame right now so the only way I would be
interested in executing this position is going to be at the break and retest of
this 30 minute structure and that should the structure on the 30 minute is going
to be absolutely beautiful because and it's going to create another
potential head and shoulders at the area of interest and then breaking and
retesting 144,000 this is gonna be absolutely perfect I'm gonna put my
alarm under this 30 minute structure level and this is gonna confirm to me
that we're shifting the structure so I'm gonna actually double click it and type
in here SOS shift of structure and then last but not least euro JPY which
we have clearly avoided a loss simply because of the explanation that I gave
earlier euro JPY yes it could be at the area of interest and we could be ready
to sell but if USD JPY still has that much room to make a backup into this
area it is just logically and technically going to make sense that if
this has to have a deeper pullback to themselves that this market has to have
a deeper pullback as well it just happens to be at a different area of
interest and we simply avoided this loss by
experience a lot of the traders would have seen this and entered the trade but
they would have not realized that they could have cross correlated the pair
with this one because obviously they both have JPY pairs so this is my number
one pair right now I'm very interested in taking this trade as of right now
well not right now as soon as we have this structure but as of right now this
is my number one pair and the next would be GBP and ZD so stay tuned and I will
update you guys that is currently
over 21 in the morning oh and real quick before we execute this trade and you guys are about to go
crazy with the profits because I already I could already see myself making this money
don't go crazy don't be like holy that was such a big trade I have to study exactly what
he did there so I can do it again to make that much amount of money no at all I'm only making
1.5 percent of the account obviously it's 150 percent but we've done crazier flips in this
series go look at the week one where we took a hundred bucks to three thousand
reached the goal for the week actively right now we are currently up 330 dollars you guys can see
here we made three thousand percent to me three thousand percent is far more impressive than 150
percent now I get it it doesn't look impressive because it's just 100 bucks to 3k it doesn't sound
like a big deal but percentage-wise it is a lot more difficult and I have a lot more at risk when
I took the 100 to 3 000. taking 200 to 500
percentage-wise it's a walk in the park it is cake so I want to put this into your guys's mindset
so you guys can really deeply understand that this is a percentage game it is not a dollar game it's
not about the money it's about the percentage the percentage is going to directly influence the
dollar amount that you're supposed to make on the trade so this is something that a lot of traders
as soon as they get it they start looking at the markets completely different and I highly suggest
it it can actually turn into a game it's not going to so much turn into a money thing it's
just a game you just want to get more percentage and the percentage happens to equal money sounds
fun to me ladies and gentlemen I am not that energetic this morning even though what we said
last night is happening slept for nothing I just come here trade update I feel like I I feel like
I've said this a million times trade update right now
we are up 59 000 on the account but not only have I said this a million times I'm talking about this
oh oh oh oh oh yo what is going on every single time yo what the yo it's every time dude
yo I can't make this up dude yo I can't make this up bro I was literally gonna say we have
the head and shoulders pattern we see this pattern a gazillion
times and then we usually always have the retest to then sell dude what is happening dude what is
happening bro all right well look at that there goes our trade update right there we're up a
hundred thousand they'll go for the week and have a ticket bro what's there come on do your
thing yeah and dude I was just so calm I was so relaxed I was so Pacific well the goal was to
show you guys that what I said we needed yesterday to happen which was the head and shoulders
we put our alarm at the shift of structure and once we body close under it we get the retest and
then we sell that's basically we've said it a hundred times GBP NZD we had a little
bit of a nice push last night we had the push to the downside I just didn't like this pair
anywhere near as much as USD JPY because we weren't at the hardcore area of interest how
we are here GP USD still had room to make it all the way up to here so I don't want
to take that trade with that much space and then you're a JPY I just like USC JPY way better but
pretty much exactly what I anticipated is happening right now bro what are we up there you go you
can't make this up dude you cannot make this up okay so right now we are up exactly a one to one
and we're up about a hundred thousand that means when we get to a one to
two we should be up two hundred thousand and when we get to a one to three we'll be up three hundred
thousand isn't that beautiful don't you want to have your easy math like that every single time
you add a risk for what if it's an extra 100k 100k 100k sounds good to me so for now we're
gonna definitely set and forget this John all right trade up that voice let's see is anything
crazy else gonna happen right now right now we are of about 118 000 the 30 minute time frame close
very bearish candlestick to the downside 15 minute time frame we have beautiful 15 and bearish and
go from candlestick looks like it's retouching the structure we're just destined to continue heading
to the downside so for now so don't forget I can very easily Target very low in this market but
I'm just gonna be watching it one candle at a time I'm going to be very patient I'm not going
I'm very excited internally but I'm not showing it because last time I did that we've really count
can't let that happen again I'm remaining very calm very
controlled and well did you guys in the next hour or two trade update we're up 20 000 now
isn't that crazy swings from Lego swings from being up 50k to then break even in a flash second
then up 100k then a little bit lower 150 and now back up to 20 000. then a regular human being a
regular nine to five NPC nine to fiver cannot handle this you're not built for this respectfully
right right off the bat
you could develop and grow into it but that's what happens a lot of nine-to-fivers they want
to get into trading and thinking that they're ready for this you know this is something that
gets built over time you start cracking uh your eggs young breaking out of the nine-to-five
mindset and your ability to be able to manage and control money so this is having a pullback
it looks like it's retesting the neckline once again so we were just up 20 now we're up 40.
five seconds of talking
now we're back at 30. oh man so for now set and forget today is a sad day um I actually might cry
so today's the day that we have to get rid of the Porsche bro touch my heart it touched my
heart like for real bro literally so before I get rid of it I just want to say some things because
so I'm just going to read my letter to the Porsche to my Porsche on who I've spent nine faithful long
months with you've been my first Porsche and I have blown many tires with you I'll miss you so
much and our late night shenanigans and pushing your buttons and flowing you to the rev limit I'll
miss the days when I would race you against other cars and you would always lose because you're so
slow but you're trying your hardest and I know it I'm at the smooth and perfect transitions with the
rev matches every single time
I'll miss the way that you would open the door handles when I unlocked the car this gives me
the sensation that you want me to drive you but the most important of all is I'll miss the thousands
of miles I shared with you while you kept me safe and warm every single time no matter the
circumstance or the tire condition you were always ready for the adventure my course now you guys
may be asking Alex why are you saying the course
going through why are you doing that i gotta why is he leaving so slow so you have a chance to go
get it back well let's go get it all right ladies and gentlemen trade update is currently eight
o'clock in the evening so not only is it a sad day because my porch has left but because we are
now only up now twenty seven thousand dollars we were up 160 grand but honestly i see this
john went a lot lower so let me show you guys so right now daily time frame has closed as a
beautiful magnificent magnificent mag magnificent beautiful daily pin bar doji
red whatever you want to call it rejecting from this level of resistance level of support and
level of support i think that now we can have a quick daily wick match that wick and then head
to the downside now that's going to suck because it's going to come right into our
entry
points where we are in the market and we obviously don't want to see that but i can
definitely see us feeling that ginormous wick i love these huge wicks because usually price
always fills it when you're trading with the trend right now the four hour is accumulating
it is having a higher low lower high lower low beautiful shifting structure and 30 minute time
frame is still bearish this is still a lower high this is still a lower low right now we just
simply have to continue to be patient and wait for this to just have a reaction to the downside we
are
accumulating right at this area and we're clearly rejecting it multiple times it's pretty much
destined for us to continue going to the downside gbp nzd on the other hand we are now officially
making it to the area of interest where we would be interested in taking the trade and we're having
a reaction from that point i'm not interested in adding a position on this at all i'm just
going to leave it like this to see what happens and the euro jpy had pretty much the move that
i anticipated daily time frame beautiful daily bearish engulfing well almost engulfing kind of
sick i couldn't anticipate price to continue heading to the downside for now our only focus
is uj and to me we still have plenty plenty of downside potential so probably gonna another trade
tonight you know what i'm saying kidding gotta just stay here and focus on the markets and then
next week or we should honestly this week we should start hitting the gym again what's the
last time we hit the gym well you hit the gym probably like three weeks ago yeah i hit the gym
morning oh that's up you didn't invite me dude that's how you know i did it here at the
house push-ups how many push-ups do you think i could hit back-to-back i bet i could hit more
than you back-to-back we need you to jump off of this right now okay hold the game third element
corner ready are you sure you get us both in the frame yeah are you sure yes do i look tall down
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten seven twelve thirty
eight nine ten twenty seven one second two three four fifteen five twenty six twenty seven
twenty eight nine thirty one oh oh oh oh
and my posture was for real that was a good try all right guys trade update
this is why i didn't want to celebrate earlier or be anywhere near excited because
i expected for something like this to happen we are currently down about twenty five thousand
dollars in the account when we were up earlier about a hundred fifty thousand at the height of it
but you think i'm gonna just and cry right now no dude this is part of the set and forget
i'm gonna continue sticking to my trading plan and let this ride
i'm almost more confident about this position compared to usd cad of last week if you guys were
in that series last week you guys would know let me just show you guys so usd card now is having a
pull back right up to 144 000 once again so if i were to look at this on the daily time frame
you guys can see that the daily has created that long wick and i mentioned that it was
going to reach the top of that way now we just happened to be surpassing that which is not good
not good now we can uh well honestly we can get stopped on this i can't i'm not even gonna
lie but you know what i'm still very confident that we will fill that wick i do love how the
structure is looking like on the 30 minutes i love how it's still bearish this is still
technically the lower high and still technically the lower low if anything i'm going to be
interested in adding new positions very very soon if i obviously get a reaction from here and
engulfing how we've done here and how we've done here i'll probably add a position but until then
i'm going to continue to set and or get gbp nzd the trade we did not take is having very nice
move that's usually how it goes i do think that it's going to continue going to the downside and
if we do manage to have a little lower high i might consider entering positions to the downside
so for now again we
don't forget here euro jpy i think it can make it up a little bit higher read this restriction
in the ema to then sell so if that has that little bit more of a push-up to then sell
and then that means that usd jpy probably has a little bit more of a push-up to that and so
so for now just going to sit on our hands and be patient and uh as of right now 10 38 at night
we're down 24 000. it's not that bad like i don't want to get the wrong
message across the markets diddy diddled the did out of me look at this price went not only
straight into our stop-loss but a complete violation break through the previous structure
level almost through the screen and out the roof we just got diddy diddled in the diddle
you know i'm supposed to be raging right now i would be throwing the chair i would be
throwing the astronaut i would be throwing the plane i would be throwing the plane i would be
going crazy shoot the screen but you know what there's nothing to rage about i i can't i would
take this trade 10 times over every single time it were to give me the opportunity
luckily we did not risk much on the position we are only back at 135 000
and we only took about a 68 000 loss on the account which given this trade i should have
100 but i explained to you the higher i go in the account i lower my risk by 25 to 50
so i'm not even mad i i'm not it's just it's one of those losses with this type of approach but
look at this like we got diddle diddy so crazy we have a beautiful daily bearish
engulfing candlestick one two three four five six days rejecting from level of support support
and resistance daily bearish pin bar the last thing i would expect is this
what the so when you go to the four hour you see a beautiful four-hour
lower low creating a lower high at the area of interest resistance round psychological level
four-hour engulfing one-hour left head right shoulder it's everything you would want to see
in a position i can nearly almost almost guarantee you that out of 10 positions that you were to take
on this you will have a minimum
win rate so you'll lose six of these you get six ditties and then you'll get six four
who should the four what are the what's like a w what's a representative because ditty equals l
what's a representation of a w six nine you get so far from the w i know that's another l
you'll get four w's and then six l's let's say you risk one percent it's minus six on these four
that you win let's say you get a minimum of a one to two risk to reward which we were aiming here
for a one to three point eight realistically a one to four so these four positions four times
four what is it sixteen so subtract the six percent that you just lost on these you're left
with ten percent so this is a pattern that i'll take every single time can't even make something
super entertaining um not me being real like there's other times where i'm genuinely actually
mad or pissed off but bro now i i accept this loss fully because i will take this trade every single
time now on the other hand let me just put this john up we're gonna probably have to break our
trading plan it's gonna have to happen and we might have to break our trading plan because i
don't see the three markets that we're interested in trading this week to give us a good opportunity
and i still want to hit the goal for the week but i have to keep in mind i know i made the same
mistake
exactly one year ago i blew the challenge on nfp what a coincidence that this friday is nfp the
first friday of every month is nfp and literally one year ago i blew the challenge on a friday
with nfp when we were at the same exact amount on the balance of the challenge fucking gives me
goosebumps i don't know that's pure coincidence but this is me showing you guys that i learned
from my lessons and that i am not going to make the same mistake again so this right now
is not giving me a solid opportunity i am no longer executing a position in this market especially
after a move like that the move is basically gone next is going to be gbp nzd so if we would have
taken this position we would have actually taken a loss because price did not have the whole entire
move how i anticipated even though i still like the fact that we could still potentially have a
reaction from here to the downside and then we have eurojpy which we were anticipating for price to
reaction from here to then head to the downside but we did not have that move how we wanted to
obviously because of the jpy what happened on usd jpy happened on your jpy as well so none of these
three markets are super super high probability trade setup except this one i can still enter a
good trade setup on gbp nzd i can still get a price to come up here into round psychological
2.12000 then wait for the shit to structure to then sell so we could probably wait for that
but what i'm going to do now is i'm going to look for different markets that i was analyzing on
sunday swings and i wasn't giving it the best grade to trade for this week and see if i can
find an opportunity there that is breaking my trading plan because i would never go back into
the markets that i did not add to the watch list and add them to my watch list because i don't find
opportunities the current markets that is me being greedy and going to find these markets but
i know what i'm doing i accept it i know i'm breaking my trading plan
you
so what happens when i do i have to drive the beat and i accept that i know i'm doing something
wrong it's not like i'm not doing something wrong and i'm not going to hold myself accountable i
know i'm doing something wrong and i'm going to hold myself accountable so i'm going to see if i
can find another market if not we're just going to focus on gbp nzd so until then instead of
forgetting let me take you off this actually i'm just going to bring you with me like this
all right boys we got the tripod in the house
all right boys so i actually found a very decent opportunity in the market with actually one of my
favorite pairs which is going to be gbp chf so gbp chf right now on the daily time frame it is
clearly showing that it has a very strong left head and then like a right shoulder price is now
pulling up to this area of interest on the weekly time frame you guys can see that we are retesting
this level of structure right here the last time i was on the gbp nzd i was on the gbp nzd
last week we had a weekly bearish rejection candlestick and we are creating kind of creating
a doji right now this week when you go down to the daily daily you can see that the price action is
clearly not like in this area what i don't love is that we are above this level of support right
here we're clearly above it but i could see price have a push to the downside and then i when you
go to the four hour you can very very very clearly see that the four hour went from creating higher
to now having a shift to the downside so if this were to be like the middle of new york session or
london session i would take this trade pretty much right now in a heartbeat but it is currently 11
in the afternoon no i mean it's one in the afternoon so there's no market volume so i
pretty much can't take this trade anymore just because we're at a session we can only take a
pre-london session which will be like at 12 o'clock tonight midnight miami time and we have
some time left so i'll going to get and we'll take the謝謝 so we're
both jvp pairs but this one i'm actually interested in buying it so we have a retest of the structure
level a weekly time frame it's bullish daily time frame is a bullish or bearish depending how
you want to look at this but we are retesting this very strong level of support and resistance
and it is very well respected throughout here and now we are above that zone so we can see a
push to the upside you can see here on the four hour that the four hour is indeed having some type of a reaction from that
the perch pair and then over here and some сеer if we get over here we do we start to red in aми that we are over our
przed Barkley 90 and then we are above the exists exactly what we're saying here is you know you're
gonna take theбаuch cardsack and get control over likeoh no need to have the 60 letter frying but
from that point but i think the only way i can buy it is going to be at the break and retest up here
because i think price could actually pull up into this area and then have a reaction to the downside
so i'm just going to be very much on the lookout the one hour time frame looks decent but if we
break and read this above this i'll be a lot more interested in it so we have gbp usd now for buys
and the gbp chf for cells or maybe even sales on gbp usd if we pull up into here and then we
have nice rejections so for now all i can say is stay tuned all right we pull it to the park
have to make sure that the walls a little dirty let's get the other one we got enough of these
balls so today looks like we're alone at the gym the rain scared a little bit of people away
but we're not going to let that
stop us look at this we're the only people here
know what that means i don't really mean i don't really know what that means
but trading is kind of like playing basketball like right now i'm playing basketball myself
and it's boring i have to catch around with rebounds i have to hold myself accountable
when i miss i have to be here by myself and it gets boring trading kind of like that as well when
you're trading by yourself right now let's say you're in your office you're in your living room
in your bedroom
room wherever you're trading it gets boring so one of the main reasons as well why i'm doing the 30
day boot camp is because i know when i complete this 100 to the middle series i'm going to be
bored again so me taking on this new challenge taking a hand selected amount of people teaching
them how to trade taking them from level zero to 100 30 days live with me where i'm taking you by
the hand one-on-one it's fun it's like playing basketball with a team with some people that
don't know how to play you got to teach them how to shoot you got to teach them how to dribble
sucks at the beginning but the end result is fun when you see that person that you didn't know how
to trade do something like this no well you gotta miss them too right but the point is that i know
that once i complete the challenge i was going to be bored so now that when i complete it i'm
going to take on this new challenge which is going to teach a hand selected amount of people
on how to trade using my same exact seven figure strategy the updated version on how i turned 100
into the mill 30 days live with me so more on that later because for right now we can't do
anything until we don't go
through the challenge because how am i going to teach you how to do it if i haven't even done it
myself so for now set it for good today we're locking in for london session part a thousand
we've done this so much already have you even showered today i haven't i haven't i don't think
i've eaten today have i eaten holy shit dude you see how skinny i am wow you don't look fat
holy shit yeah i haven't eaten today
what time is it 11 06 at night
market update here's still looking like frankenstein or albert einstein i feel like
albert einstein right now i'm like twitching out and shit genius bro you know albert einstein
has projects that sometimes don't don't do well and right now we are not doing well we're still
at the same exact spot still no new positions into the account so our trade ideas are going
to potentially start moving as of right now
so we have gbp usd which we can now see a double bottom from this area to then buy daily
time frame close pretty decent i like that little daily doji at this level four hour
time frame little double you know what i'm saying the one hour this looks actually not
that but like this just doesn't look like anything right so i need to have some type
of reaction and then i'll enter this straight to the upside but the real trade that i want
to enter is at the break and retest of this and then next is going to be gbp chf for
sells i love how this price action is currently looking right now daily time frame close
of the daily doji and if you go down to the one hour one hour has had what looks to be
like a little double top i'm literally going to wait for a break and retest under this
area right here so this is kind of like the consolidation zone it's in so i want to have
some type of break out of this and then a quick retest to then sell a little breakout
then a quick retest and then sell everything depends on the price action but i want to
I want to enter here, but I can't enter here right now.
I need the breakout confirmation and then the pullback to enter here, or I don't mind
entering a little bit lower, but I just need the confirmation that it's having a breakout
in time.
And aside from that, GBP NZD is not giving us any entries anytime soon.
So price completely blew through the area of interest that we had set up at 212,000.
And we can just wait for a little quick break and retest to then sell on the four hour price
where to decide to do that.
Not really interested in this.
And then USDJPY just completely violated our whole entire trade idea.
So our only focus right now is GBPCHF for sales, a quick little day trade for a one
to two and GBPUSD for a little quick day trade for buys.
Now Albert Einstein out.
Nothing today, huh?
Trade update.
We are up $238.
You know what?
I'm not going to rage again.
I'm not going to get excited.
I'm like, I'm like, I'm like ready.
I'm like ready to fucking dash and shit.
You know what?
One, not only are we not near the goal for the week, the goal for the week is half a
mil.
So we're off by 1.30 and two, there's nothing to celebrate just yet.
The trade has not closed.
Do not close.
Don't get excited.
Okay.
GBPCHF trade update.
So right now we have three very unique entries on GBPCHF and I want to explain them to perfection
because this moved very fast.
Literally only like four hours.
This is just one candlestick.
So GBPCHF, we had the four hour bearish engulfing how I wanted from that area.
And then we obviously entered at the breakout of all of this consolidation zone here.
I entered on this one.
On this one in the morning candlestick as it was getting ready to close, entered right
there, spread took a little bit down and then we add our next entry on this 15 minute
pullback.
So we had the full move.
I'm like, yes, amazing, beautiful.
But then we had this pullback and on this pullback, I waited for this engulfing confirmation.
We entered on this pullback of this wick and then the next entry we entered at the bottom
of that rejection candle right there.
And those are our three entries.
We have our first one up here, our second one right here, and our third one right around
here.
And our take profit was very strategically placed at this next four hour low.
So as you can see, the four hours clearly bearish, high, high, high, low, da, da, da,
da.
Bearish, lower low, lower high, lower low, lower high.
We're destined to create a new lower low, but up to where?
Up to this structure point.
And you can clearly see that price has very well reacted from that structure point.
This is only a one to 2.7 risk to reward.
And we've risked a lot more than what we're risking here on different markets.
This move just happens to be very, very volatile.
Like we're up 102 pips right now or take profits 130.
So I never close my trades with the take profit numbers.
I always close my trades manually.
I never do it automatically.
So technically we're up a one to two right now, which is what we would usually want from
a trade.
But I just see so much more downside potential from this trade.
But I don't know if I see it today.
This is what this daily candlestick has done.
And I don't know how much more motion this has got.
I don't know if I could just today.
You guys have to be realistic with yourselves.
You can be right about the trade.
And my analysis indicates to me that this trade can make it all the way up to here.
But when?
Will it make it up to there today?
Tomorrow?
The next day?
The day after?
If you don't have that much time, you look at the calendar.
What is tomorrow?
Tomorrow is the first Friday, which is NFP.
So we technically only have the rest of New York session today because it is currently
9 in the morning.
And then we have London session tonight.
And then New York session on Fridays are pretty whack.
So you have to ask yourself, do you think this daily candlestick has enough motion to
keep going to this level here?
Probably not.
Like if you just measure this daily candlestick right here, what was the last time you had
a daily candlestick move that much?
Right?
Let's go find out.
Not here.
That one, this one day engulf these two days engulfed every single one of these days
engulfed, engulfed, engulfed.
Like since basically this day right here, August 8th, we haven't had a candlestick this
big.
Now.
Yes.
The next day is the continuation.
But if you see right here, it's two days.
Two days of just slow down and then continuation.
Do we have time for two days?
Do we?
No, because then it's the weekend.
Like these are all these high level things that you have to take into consideration when
you're deciding if you want to continue to hold or close a position.
So for right now, I'm just going to wait for this candlestick to close in about 57 seconds
to determine what exactly I want to do.
Hopefully what it does is the same thing as always.
We decide to watch it.
And then what happens if, right?
I would, I'd be pretty sick.
I'm not going to lie.
All right.
GDP USD.
So we can explain these.
We're waiting for a little bottom to them by no trade.
We did not buy GBP and ZD had the move exactly how we wanted it to.
And it's having a very clean bearish engulfing reaction from it.
There's probably a trade that I'll be interested in taking next week.
I think tomorrow it's going to have a pullback.
Friday, nothing.
Monday, nothing.
And Tuesday it will have the push so we can have that trade on Tuesday.
USD JPY just completely continued to the upside.
And then your JPY is kind of just consolidating here.
So GBP CHF is currently three, two, one.
Well, this is not epic.
All right.
Do we hold?
Do we close?
Do we hold?
Do we close?
I feel like I could fucking fill that all day.
I would say let's look at another 15 minutes.
Let's wait for this 15 minute candlestick because I definitely feel like I could have
a reaction from here.
It's looking like right where price is at.
If you look left, support, resistance, resistance.
It's a very well respected level.
And I think it could respect it, man.
I really do think.
My goal is, again, half a mil.
I don't know how much I'll be when I'm down here.
I don't know if I'll be up to 400.
I'm not being greedy, by the way.
Just take that into consideration.
I'm just, maybe I am.
I'm already driving the Beetle today.
So what's the big deal?
All right.
We'll wait.
I'm going to make a decision soon.
I'll update you guys.
All right, boys.
I had to stand up for this one.
Trade update.
We closed at 332,000.
Trade history, as you guys can see.
We have officially closed the position at the highest point.
Keyword.
We've closed the position.
We were just up 400,000.
We lost 70K just because of the fucking price.
I'm not being greedy, by the way.
Just take that into consideration.
I'm just, maybe I am.
I'm already driving the Beetle today.
Trade history, as you guys can see.
Trade history, as you guys can see.
We have officially closed the position at the highest point.
Keyword.
We've closed the position.
We were just up 400,000.
We lost 70K just because of the fucking floating bullshit.
Can you hear now?
You know what?
We actually won a trade.
We shouldn't be doing that.
Sorry.
We have Sensei here.
Sensei, my friend.
So trade update.
Closed the position right around here.
So I came to the executive decision that, you know what?
We did have a rejection from this level of support.
The strong thing.
The smart thing to do.
To not hold and be greedy.
So we decided to just literally close our position here out of one to two.
I do see this having a downside potential, but not without a pullback and I don't want
to handle the pullback.
So this is actually the fastest trade in the whole entire challenge.
Basically, it took like five, six hours.
That being said, it is currently 927 and we're done for the day.
Now we're going to drive the Beetle and see where the day takes us.
I think it's time for me to be able to fucking fix up my hair, you know, finally.
Change clothes.
And change clothes.
I haven't showered in two days.
I have showered.
I'm just wearing.
You guys know it's the same hoodie.
Different shorts.
I bet you didn't notice that.
So we are going to set and forget.
Got to make sure it's in neutral.
No ditty.
How can I forget, bro?
Forgot to turn on the switches, dude.
Let's go.
I want to see you guys.
Oh.
The Beetle.
I love this thing.
You love it until you fucking have to drive it every day.
It's not that bad, bro.
It is.
It's actually not that bad.
It's not that bad right now, but bro, when the sun is like this on you with the heat,
it's terrible.
This bro has no AC.
There's no fucking ventilation.
Nothing.
Where the fuck's the engine?
In the back.
Do you have to drive with the pump?
Yeah, because it probably could catch fire.
So we have to like leave it like that.
So.
That's.
It doesn't look bad, right?
So we're missing the other one here, but.
No.
Yeah, it doesn't have brake lights.
It doesn't have headlights.
Nothing.
I love it.
But it actually suits you, bro.
You look like that guy.
Little car for a little guy.
Yo.
That.
This.
This.
This is the fuel tank right here.
So if you crash.
No.
Yeah.
Little.
Fucking car explodes.
In other words.
I mean, bro, this is the engineers.
You weren't surviving anyway.
You weren't surviving.
Even if it doesn't explode, you weren't going to survive.
I don't think it has airbags.
Bro, this is from 66, dude.
1966.
Probably like.
Yeah.
The fact this thing still moves is actually.
It's actually cool.
Pretty sick.
Yeah.
How much did you get this for?
I didn't even get this.
Where did you find this?
Facebook Marketplace.
Every single night before I go to sleep, I dedicate 30 minutes to Facebook Marketplace.
Like, I'll just put like the geographic like national area.
I'll put like Texas.
And you get some crazy ass shit, bro.
I just fucking.
It's fun.
Oh.
Oh.
I like your car.
You want to trade?
No.
Why not?
She hit me with the.
I guarantee I pull up next to this gold digger and my Bugatti and the energy will be very,
very, very different.
Yo, she got so close to the other car she wasn't even headed.
All right.
So, boys, let this be a lesson for you guys out there.
Now.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go out there.
It's not you.
It's the circumstance that you're in.
And all you care about is they want to feel good about the circumstance that they're
going to potentially be a part of.
So I get it.
I don't blame her.
But I obviously know she's a gold digger.
I don't really give a shit.
I'm going to literally go home now to my $3 million house and she's probably going to have to go
home to her husband that's cheating on her.
Yo.
I love it.
She literally said that.
Successfully made it home.
So, once again proves the method that this car is not picking up any cars.
We don't want this shit.
No.
up women morning ladies and gentlemen it is currently 1 54 in the afternoon the account
is at the exact same as you guys can see we have not entered any new positions on the account
which is kind of interesting because this week we lost 100 no we lost 70 000 right off the bat and
then we made it back up by like almost making a quarter which is good the goal for the week
with half mail we're shy by 170 000 which in retrospect is a lot monetarily rise but percentage
wise of what we've done to the account it's really nothing but what we did do is avoid losses so gbp
chf we were interested in taking the loss here on thursday night basically friday morning but we
obviously weren't interested in it and we were going to enter the trade on this pullback once
we would have the rejection and the engulfing
on this pullback we never did so we never entered this position simply avoiding that loss and that
we close our trade perfectly at this point right here because i explained if we reach this level
we're then going to have a reaction to exactly what we did so we avoided this loss right here
and that we made sure that we closed our trade perfectly because if we were to continue to hold
and be greedy and want to catch it all the way down here this trade would have literally taken
us out at breakeven or in a loss right now which
would suck let me take off these lines then we have gbp usd obviously never gave us the entry
we never took it gbp nzd we never took this sell position as you can see we were waiting for the
pull back into here wait for the entry so you need to then sell we got no entry signal no shift
destruction no rejection price pulled up and it just never stopped and we completely avoided this
loss by remaining patient and following this trading plan usd jpy continue heading to the
upside so this week was pretty decent we made a good amount of money and all i can say is that
next week might be the week next week might be the week where we actually turn the half well not
the half amount to a mile is if we turn 300k into a million that means we would have to risk
100 of the account and catch a one to three risk to reward so we risk 100 catch a quick
inter-day trade because to make a one-to-three risk we have to make a one-to-three risk to reward
to three you're gonna have to let it ride for a little bit but if you're risking that much not
really i don't know next week might be the weakest what i'm saying we can actually make the 300k into
a million if we catch a nice one two three risking a hundred percent it's kind of interesting all
right so i might have just gotten the weirdest thing in the mail right now but inside of this
letter was this no i don't even want to touch it just look at it it's amazing i swear i'm not
hacking you please watch video and this was what was inside of
the envelope i don't want to touch it because i don't know if it's going to blow up so i have
it in here just in case if it blows up it's a minor explosion not a major explosion and
i'm not going to open this on my computer here i'm not retarded they actually might be
hacking me it might be a trick so we're going to go to a public computer and plug it in and
see what this is this is mad weird i've never gotten something this weird in the mail literally
got here today i don't know nothing in the back so we just got here you hold it oh you're a savage
all right so we came to fiu fiu business the school where they're going to teach you how to
be a successful entrepreneur i don't know here all right we just found a random classroom
classroom 154. all right hand me the thing where the hell did we put this into i'm nervous
x apologize for a slight invasion of privacy
slight slight you you sent usb to my heart oh you're not starting off good brother
uses alex james no way alex sling got my first name most importantly i wanted to do anything
oh he sent another watch the other one fx alex
mark mark let me let me tell you something right now mark i i love the creativity um i think it's
very unique but dude dude dude now i'm moving out diversity now with the channel man
actually i want more you want more diversity than this
and this um you got errab you got you got d-r
i can't believe you said that that's not true table
fied personnel team i don't care if you're black asian fat chinese women women i'm the only girl
as well what what do you get no you're qualified welcome thank you
be Product oh oh i'd quit hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on
I can't believe You have to said that we have a Capital Sub sacrificed personnel team I don't care if you're black asian,"fat Chinese women Woman woman i'm the only girl as well. I'm the only girl as well No, you said your qualified, welcome, thank you.
inbt is anrergy
Ready!!!
big
shit
i quit i quit i quit
don't brilleced
hi don't lazy
Hold on, hold on, let me see, hold on.
And the fact that he put Kendrick and not Drake,
oh, oh, that's it, that's it, yeah.
Drake is way better than Kendrick.
Who the fuck is Kendrick?
Mark?
No, but on the real, Mark, appreciate the message.
One, you didn't leave a call to action,
I don't even know how to get in contact with you,
and two, yeah, that's all I can say.
But, so yeah, now we're gonna go to,
actually, you know what, you know what?
Actually, me being in this class right now
makes me realize something.
Like, imagine showing up to this class
every single day for four years.
Imagine sitting here and listening to a professor
and writing down the geographic algebra,
mathematician of whatever the fuck
to not even be really successful in life.
Like, think about that for a second.
People literally come into here,
they sit around other unsuccessful people,
and there is a 1% chance,
actually under 1% chance, according to this stat
from a very famous news article,
that only 1% of people
that go to college actually become successful.
Isn't that sad that you come here for four years
and you know that maybe not even one of the people
sitting inside this class will actually make it
and have the life that they really want?
I think that's sad.
That's why in the 30-day bootcamp that I'm gonna do,
do with 30 days just me, one-on-one,
you have not only more odds of succeeding
than an average person,
you're gonna have more odds of succeeding
than anybody in a classroom like this.
And like, literally, in the 30-day bootcamp
that I'm gonna do, the success rate of people having results,
30 days, 45 days after the bootcamp, is about a 50 to 60%.
So you being successful coming to a corporate class
like this is 1%.
The odds of you being successful after 30 days is 50%.
Isn't that crazy?
What logically makes more sense?
Spend four years and tens of thousands of dollars
and be in an ugly environment like this?
Like, I have to go take a shower.
I can't believe I'm sitting in this chair.
Honestly, I have to, like, that makes me unprofitable.
Or you can be part of a winning circle
that everybody has the same
same ambition and the same drive
to actually be successful.
And you're learning a craft
that is going to make you money.
Coming into here and watching a teacher
that has no idea about money,
has never had a business,
because if they do, they wouldn't be here teaching you.
They wouldn't be running a business.
They wouldn't be here making 40, 50K a year.
Where you're literally just learning from them
what is being read off of a tablet like this
or being read off of a book.
Now, your professor Alex G is here.
Take a seat, sir.
Take a seat, sir.
Did you bring your notes?
No.
Did you do your homework?
No.
How have you not done your fucking homework?
Now you get an F for not completing your task.
Now I failed you, now you have to go do it again.
Is that the life you want?
So, what do you want to do?
You want to go to school?
Want to be part of the 30-day boot camp?
Where do you think you're going to make more money?
30-day boot camp.
So why are you sitting in that fucking chair?
That's what I'm talking about.
All right guys, so right now we're going to go pick up
my twin turbo.
I'm actually, I'm actually pulling up, which is funny.
You're actually pulling up?
Yeah, I'm down the street.
Perfect.
Got it.
Got it.
Got it.
So, I told these guys, I'm like, yo, I want to wrap it green
for Swing Training Lab because we're going to do
the 30-day boot camp and all that.
You know, guys, how I go crazy with the marketing and stuff.
So, and it's rear wheel drive, which is sick
because I'm able to do donuts.
So, when I get it now, I get the Bugatti back on Monday.
I'm going to do donuts around the Bugatti
with the green Lambo, which is going to be sick.
It's a wide body. One in the whole world.
So, it's a pretty nice shade of green.
What the fuck?
Why is it pink?
No, I said green.
I'm kidding, bro.
I got it.
No, I got it.
Oh shit, yo, actually.
Honestly, not that many people could rock pink cars.
I think I'm one of like this little bit amount
of people that could do it.
Shout out to the number one scammers in Miami.
Charged me eight grand for this job,
which is fucking crazy.
But you know what?
I'll pay it to them all day
because you get to done on time, you know?
Bro, I'll rip it here and do donuts.
Yeah, donuts.
That's what I was calling you for.
Oh, okay, sick.
Yeah, I'll do it.
What's up, Alex?
Has he seen it or no?
Yeah, he was here today.
He saw it.
Oh, you saw it?
What do you think?
Yeah, it looks crazy, bro.
You feel me?
It looks really good.
A few people have told me that.
Really?
Yeah.
That's how you cheap your way into an Aventador.


==============================
VIDEO 029 — Liquidity Is The Easiest Way To Become Profitable FAST-pKIo-aVic-c
==============================

Being able to identify liquidity is the easiest way to turn profitable fast. I use liquidity
sweeps in literally every single trade that I take and it's helped me make over seven figures.
So in this video, I'm going to help you guys identify what liquidity is, where it lies on
the charts, why we even use it. So with that being said, let's jump on the charts and let's get into
it. So the first thing that we want to understand is where does liquidity lie in the market? And
it's as simple as liquidity lies above highs and below lows. So in order to identify where
liquidity lies, we know it's above highs and below lows in the market, but we need to be
able to identify what a high is in the market and what a low is in the market. A high is two
candlestick pattern, a move up, then a move down. A low is a move down, then a move up. And liquidity
lies above highs and below lows. And you're probably saying, well, BJR, holy shit, liquidity
is everywhere on the charts. Yes, liquidity is everywhere on the charts and liquidity is how the
markets move, okay? Us pushing above highs, that is going to fill orders that are either going to
push the market and continue the trend that it's currently in,
or it gives the market the opportunity to reverse. And that's typically what I,
the second option is typically what I take the majority of my trades off of, which is when price
comes up above a high or below a low and is reversing the current trend that it's in, okay?
So that's what I'm going to show you guys today. But the first thing that we need to do is just
being able to identify where liquidity lies. And I'll give you guys a quick little summary of why
liquidity lies above highs and below lows, but it's pretty simple. Like I said, there's a shit
of highs and below lows. So if we think about an uptrend, okay, how do uptrends move? This is
beginner shit, right? Higher highs and higher lows. Awesome. When we push above a high, we're
expecting it to go higher if we're in an uptrend. In a downtrend, we move in lower highs and lower
lows. So when we push underneath a low, what are we expecting price to do? Continue lower. Now,
this is great in theory, right? And a lot of retail traders, maybe some of you beginners,
you guys see an uptrend. And then the second that price pushes above the high,
you're like, awesome, that's confirmation. We can press buy because this is going to go to the
freaking moon. Now, sometimes that is the case. However, the best opportunity for us is being able
to catch the bottom of the new trends and the top of these new trends. So ideally, if we're taking
a trade, we don't want to be pressing buy right here because we're already pretty deep into this
uptrend. Ideally, we want to be pressing buy down here when this uptrend gets created. And we want
to be pressing short or pressing sell up here when this downtrend gets created.
And the only way to do that is by being able to identify liquidity. And again, where does
liquidity lie? Above highs and below lows. So we're not trying to be trend traders. We're
trying to be reversal traders. That's what's worked for me. That's what my entire strategy
is based off of. It's based off of liquidity sweeps and then seeing a trend form out of that
so that we're able to either catch the bottom or the tops of moves. It gives us a much better
win rate, gives us a much better risk to reward. Overall, just a better way to trade instead of
following a trend and potentially getting stuck in a situation like this,
where we press buy above this high and then, uh-oh, price just reverses, right? That's not
what we want to do. We want to be pressing buy when price is really low as it's starting a new
uptrend to be able to catch this entire move up instead of just trying to get a pipsqueak-ass
move that's this big, right? So that's what liquidity lets us do. And now, because we know
liquidity lies above highs and below lows, that can give us signals or give us an idea of where
orders are lying and where price can potentially reverse. Now, just like I was telling you guys
before, what do we know about uptrends? They move in higher highs and higher lows. So let's say
we're in an uptrend right here and we're moving in higher highs and higher lows and we have a high
right here, right? Just like I was telling you before, there's a lot of beginners. As we push
above this high, because we're in an uptrend, the beginners will be like, time to press buy again.
Now, above highs, what do we know? There's resting orders. There's liquidity, okay? There's
potential orders that can get filled. Now, because we're pushing above this high, what happens? What
orders actually are getting filled?
So we can
visualize this and actually understand what's happening. When we push above a high,
there's the retail beginner traders that are saying, hey, we're in an uptrend. We're going
to go higher. So they're placing buy positions right here. Then there's also people, because
again, this market can go both directions. There's also going to be people who were trying
to short this move down or press sell on this move down. And where is their invalidation point
or their stop loss going to be? Well, it's going to be above this high because if they were correct
about trying to sell this move down, then the move would go down and it wouldn't
be the uptrend that it's in, right? So their invalidation point is going to be above this high.
So what does that mean? It means, oh, if they're pressing short, then they're going to have to buy
back their position for a higher price in turn causing a loss. So they're also placing buy orders.
So there's two forms of buy orders that are happening here. People that think the uptrend
is going to continue higher. And then also people who thought that this was going to start a
downtrend who are getting stopped out of their position. All in all, there's a shit ton of buy
orders that are resting above highs in the market. Now, what does this give the market the opportunity
to do when it's ready to change directions and cause a big reversal in the market? When we push
above a high, it gives the market the opportunity. This is the key, key, key word. It gives it the
opportunity because we know uptrends, we move in higher highs and higher lows. So every time we
push above a high, does that mean the market is going to reverse? No. Does it have the opportunity
to reverse? Yes, because there's resting orders above these highs. So when we push above these
highs, we know that there's people getting stopped out of these short positions. We know that there's
a buy because we pushed above a high in the market. Awesome. So that gives the market the
opportunity to fill a massive amount of sell orders and cause a reversal. Because we think
about basic, just economic high school class, right? How does the stock market work? If I want
to buy one share of Apple stock, I have to have somebody that's willing to sell a share of Apple
stock to me. It's an exchange, okay? And that is what these awesome brokerages online have
digitalized for us. So we kind of lose the concept. So we have to have somebody that's willing to
sell a share of Apple stock to me. And that's what's happening on a daily basis. And specifically
with the market makers and the market movers, in order to push price in the direction that they
want it to go, they need to be able to fill their massive amounts of orders. So me wanting to buy
one share of Apple, I don't have to press buy underneath a low or try and press sell above a
high because one share of Apple, there's millions and billions of people that are doing these
transactions on a daily basis, right? There's people that are willing to sell their shares
of Apple for X and Y reasons. There's people that are willing to buy shares of Apple for X and Y
when it comes to actually genuinely moving the markets and moving these massive indexes and
actually causing a change in price. This is humongous amounts of orders that need to be
filled. So with that being understood, the market makers can't just place a massive short position
right here because that would cause the market to fall. And also, what do we know about the market
makers? They want to have the best price possible for their short positions because they're never
going to lose money, right? So they're not going to want to press short right here. Why? Because
they would drastically affect the price.
Because if they place their massive short orders right here, it would cause price to go down and
only a portion of their orders would be able to get filled here because not a lot of people are
probably willing to be buying here. Maybe there's some people willing to buy, but not enough to fill
their massive amount of short orders. So what happens? They're only able to fill some of their
orders here. And then what happens to price? Price moves down and then they're going to get
filled on more of their orders. And then price moves down. They get filled more on their orders.
Price moves down, filled more on their orders. All in all, for them to get fill the amount of
orders that they want to fill, it would just be a constant move down. And then their average price
is going to be like dead in the middle. And that's not what they want because they want to liquidate
their positions down here for a super awesome profit. The profit's not going to be as good if
they get filled here, here, here, here, here, and all the way down. What do they want? They want
the best price possible and they want to fill all their orders in the exact position that they plan
on and at the exact price that they plan on. So how are they able to do that? By waiting or pushing
price above a high where they know that there's going to be a massive amount of buy orders,
entering into the market at this point in time so that when they press sell or when they enter
into their sell positions up here, they're able to fill every single one of their orders up here
and then move price in the direction that they want because their sell orders got filled. So now
that we understand why and how we're looking to identify liquidity on the market, we'll talk
about it in the downtrend version. So again, we're not just pressing sell every single time we push
above a high and below a low in the market, just because there's a potential move that could
happen there, right? This is just one concept or one confluence in the strategy that makes the
market move. Okay. And identifying liquidity, it's actually very easy because you literally just go
onto the charts and you just mark out all the highs and lows and you're like, okay, awesome.
This is where price could fill or price could end up reversing off of that. And then we can use
other confluences to end up building a strategy around this. Okay. I'm now going to show you
guys what it looks like in a downtrend. So again, when we're in a downtrend, we're typically making
lower lows and lower highs. So again, what,
what lies underneath lows, we'll do this super quick. There's a bunch of sell orders that are
going to get filled underneath lows. Why? Because again, if we're in a downtrend and we push
underneath the low, what's going to happen? The retail beginner traders are like prices in a
downtrend. So I'm going to press short because it pushed underneath the low and it's continuing
market structure. Good job, Timmy. I'm about to destroy your stop loss. That's how I'm thinking
every single time the market does that. And I'm trading in the opposite direction. Okay. These
dumb asses, they're entering short when these lows get pushed underneath.
And little do they know that's the worst time to go short. And then there's also the people that
thought, Hey, price is going to reverse right here. And where's their invalidation point? Again,
if they bought somewhere within here and we're in a downtrend, they thought price was going to
reverse. Where would their invalidation point be? And where would they have to sell those shares
back for a lower price, taking a loss or where would their stop loss be? Their stop loss would
be underneath the lows because that would be continuing the downtrend. So all in all liquidity
is just using manipulation. If you think about it, because again, what are we manipulating?
We're manipulating both sides of the market. Okay. Because there's people who are pressing
buy here. So the buyers are getting stopped out, but then also the people who are pressing short.
Once we get underneath these lows are also getting stopped out because that's when we're
reversing. It's kind of like a fuck you to the buyers and a fuck you to the short sellers.
I'm the only one that's going to make money today. And that's pretty much how the market works. The
market's a zero sum game. Okay. There's always going to be a winner and there's always going
to be a loser. Okay. Not everybody can win these things. Now that we understand that. And now that
where liquidity lies above highs and below lows. And we also know that we're not just pressing buy
every time the market pushes underneath the low. And we're not just pushing sell every time market
pushes above a high. We just know that the market has the opportunity to fill their orders and push
price in the direction that they want to. Now that we know what it looks like on a squiggly line
chart, like I've drawn here, let's show it to you guys on an actual chart. Now, again, we want to
remember how or where does liquidity lie above highs and below lows? How do we identify a high
in the market, a move up than a move down? How do we identify a low in the market, a move down
than a move up? Okay. It's not a move down than a move down. Believe it or not, some people,
the brain cells on them, there's not many left after watching TikTok. Okay. It's very,
very little left. And they think a move down and then a move down is a low. No, Timmy,
we need to move up because it causes the peaks and the valleys. Okay, buddy. We'll just do this
super quick and I'll show you guys examples of this happening in real time. Okay. Let's do an
example right here. Okay. We have a high right here. Okay. Move up, then a move down the highest
point of those two candlesticks. Awesome. We mark it out with a little line. Now, obviously this is
cherry picked because I'm getting on the charts and I'm identifying like obviously price reversed
off of this, but it's proving the point here. So look, okay, we have a high and then awesome.
We're in an uptrend, right? We have a high, then a low, then a higher high, then a higher low,
and then a higher high. But oh no, we're going to reverse off of that. Why? Because a lot of
these highs got pushed above. Okay. And then a lot of people who were selling on this move down,
where's their invalidation point above these highs. What does that give the market makers
the opportunity to do? Fill all of their sell orders right here and say, fuck you to the
sellers. And then say, fuck you to the buyers. We're stopping out both of you guys today. And
we're the only ones making money. And that's why liquidity is so important because it's all just
off of manipulational. Let me show you guys another example and just prove to you guys
what happens on every single timeframe. It's literally as simple as this right here. Like
this just happened in the market. Okay. We get a big move down. Oh my gosh, we're in a downtrend.
Look, all of these people, we see this big move down. Okay. Drake's dick is on the screen with
this candlestick. Boom. We get a break of structure to the downside. Holy shit. We're
going to go lower. And then, okay, we have a low right here. And then, oh, what do we see? The
market goes down. Oh, we push past this low. All the idiots, what are they doing? They're pressing
that thought they were geniuses. When they see this big move down, they're like, oh yeah,
dude, price isn't going to move any lower. You're right. Price probably isn't going to move any
lower, but you're still dumb. Why are they dumb? Because liquidity hasn't been swept yet.
How is price going to move higher? If the market makers haven't even been able to fill their
orders, how are they going to have to fill their orders? They have to generate a low
and then they have to sweep out the low to push price higher. This just happened in real fucking
time. And actually I made a significant amount of money on this move up today.
So again, there's the people that say, holy shit, drinks, dick is on the screen. I'm going to
press sell when we push underneath this low, because that's confirming that the downtrend is
continuing. Idiots. Boom. You guys are getting stopped out. And then also the people that were
pressing buy on this candlestick, they're also idiots. They're getting stopped out because the
orders haven't been filled yet. Where do the orders get filled for the buy positions down here? And
then boom, price ends up moving higher. It's like fucking clockwork and it shows up on every single
timeframe. Now I'm going to show you guys or tell you guys the best timeframes and opportunities to
use liquidity sweeps, because it's one thing to see a liquidity sweep happening in real time,
or to be able to identify it on the chart. Like I can go here and I can show you a million
freaking liquidity sweeps. Like, right. Okay. Boom. Price comes underneath this low sweeps
liquidity. Awesome. We move higher off of that. Price comes up, sweeps out this high. Boom.
Drake's dick is on the screen. Okay. We see price come
down right here. Sweep out these lows. Awesome. We move higher. We see price dump down, sweep out
these lows right here. Awesome. Price moves higher. Okay. Liquidity sweeps are on every single
timeframe. Price moves up, sweeps out these highs, moves lower. It's how the market moves.
Okay. I can show it to you guys on the weekly timeframe. I can show it to you guys on the daily
timeframe. I can show it to you guys on the one minute timeframe. Okay. Okay. This is a monthly
liquidity sweep. What are we in? We're in a freaking up trend. Okay. And then, uh-oh, flash
monthly low. We sweep out this monthly low. And then what do you fucking know? It gives all the
richest people in the world, the best opportunity to invest in their good old fashioned S and P 500.
And next thing you know, they're up 50% on their portfolio for the year. Okay. This is how the big
people make their money. Okay. By identifying lows and highs in the market. Okay. And capitalizing on
it because of liquidity. Okay. Now the best timeframes are at least for the way that I trade
to be able to identify liquidity on for me is going to be the best timeframes for me to be able to
be the four hour and the one hour. Now, why is this important? Because I'm trading market open
at 9 30 AM Eastern time every single day. And for the most part, when new money comes into the
market or every single time that market opens, there's new money coming into the market. So how
is that new money going to move the market? It needs liquidity. Good. We're learning. We're
learning. We're learning because how does the market move through liquidity sweeps? Okay. So
the first thing that I'm looking for is four hour highs and lows within the market.
Okay. I'm also looking at hourly highs and lows within the market like today. Oh, dude, it was a
perfect example. I caught these longs up here and made multi six figures on this move up. I did it
on NASDAQ, but same exact market structure. Let's look right here. Okay. This is market open at nine.
Okay. I look during pre-market. What did we do? We came down and we swept out all of these lows
right here. And then we started reacting to the upside. Awesome. So what do I think is going to
happen? Price is going to move higher and higher. So I'm looking at hourly highs and lows within the
market. Okay. We see price come down, sweep out this low, this low, this low. And then we see
reversals off of it, right? Boom. Price comes down, sweeps out liquidity. How do we know that
orders were filled? Dude, look at the fucking chart. If price comes down and takes out a low
and keeps going down, is it a liquidity sweep? Fuck no. Cause it's not reacting to it. That's
why we want to mark out all the lows and all the highs. Look at these highs. Okay. We have these
highs right here and these highs in the market right here. We very well could have swept liquidity
from these highs, but did the market react to these highs once we pushed through them?
No, we didn't. We pushed higher. So we're not looking to press short. We wait for reaction.
Okay. So we can sit here and we can mark out all of these hourly lows that are stacked up. So we
know, okay, there's a shit ton of sell orders right here. There's a shit ton of sell orders
right here. There's a shit ton of sell orders right here. Let's take all of them out so we
fill our massive amounts of buy orders and then boom, price starts reversing. So all that we're
looking for off of these liquidity sweeps is reversals. Okay. And I have a whole bunch of
other videos that go over in depth. Okay. And the strategy of like how to spot other confluences
to be able to spot these reversals early and often, and to be able to execute and find entries.
But today's video is just specifically on liquidity and identifying it on the high
timeframes and see how it moves the market, because this is such an important concept
for you guys to understand. So again,
if we're looking at the one hour, we see, okay, we have a one hour low right here,
a move down, then a move up. Awesome. This low move down, then a move up. Awesome. This is low
move down, then a move up. Awesome. This is low price comes down, takes out all of those sell
orders. What does it give the market makers the opportunity to do fill all their buy orders?
How do we know that it's a proper liquidity sweep? Because we literally see the reversal
on the low timeframes. We see a change in trend. We see a change in market structure on the lower
timeframes. And then what the fuck happens to price? It moves higher. Okay.
One of the most important concepts in trading. Yes. A lot of people neglect it and I have no
freaking clue why. Okay. And like I was saying before, this shows up on every single timeframe.
Again, what I like to do is because I'm trading New York market open at 9 30 AM Eastern time,
every single morning, for the most part, I get on, I mark out the four hour highs and lows that
the market could be able to sweep or has swept either during the previous session during pre
market or London session. And if liquidity,
hasn't been swept during those sessions, then awesome. I'm expecting New York market to open.
And then for us to sweep out liquidity during the current session, and then I'm going to take
a trade off of it. And just like today, if I see that liquidity has already been swept during
pre-market and we're already reacting off of it. Awesome. Then this was the liquidity sweep for the
day. And I'm just going to take a trade reactive off of this. Okay. I'm not looking to be taking
a trade off of a liquidity sweep from New York market open because the liquidity sweep already
happened. Okay.
I'm going to show you guys a couple more examples of this happening just so you guys know that this
is the real fucking deal. I mean, yeah, bro, this is gorgeous. Let's let's look here. This is New
York market open. Okay. We have this high again. What am I doing? I'm just marking out the highs
and lows. Okay. So we have an hourly low right here. We have an hourly low right here. I'm just
going to do this real fast. We have an hourly high right here. We have an hourly high right here.
We have an hourly high right here. Awesome. Let's look in here. Look at this market open.
We rip up. Boom. Take out liquidity. Boom. Take out liquidity. Boom. Take out liquidity. Boom.
Take out liquidity. And then what ends up happening? Reaction. We end up dumping down. And then the nice
thing about liquidity as well that I failed to mention, not only can we take trades off of it
and be able to find short and long positions up here, we can use it as a target because think
about it again. We need to understand these confluences to be, have the confidence to be
able to take these trades. And it also gives us context for why price is even moving.
In the first place, price comes up. Awesome. We fill sell orders. We fill the massive amount
of sell orders. So awesome. Boom. Our entries up here. We need to get rid of these sell orders.
We need to make money on these sell orders. So just like how we fill sell orders above highs,
where are we supposed to offload these? We can't just offload them right here because that's going
to cause the market to boom, rip up. And then just like in the previous example, like I was
explaining, we try and offload our positions here, buy back our short positions for a lower price to
be in profit for the day.
Price is going to move up and then more of our positions are going to get filled here. Price is
going to move up. More of our positions are going to get filled here. We need people to be willing
to go in the opposite direction of us. So where is price going to move now or where are they going
to push price to be able to offload these positions underneath lows? Because underneath
lows, what are people willing to do? They're willing to sell and we're already in sells up
here. So what are we going to do? We're going to shit the bed on the market. We're going to push
it underneath the low. And then once we get underneath the low, we're going to say,
fuck these guys. Boom. I'm going to buy back my positions for a lower price. These people are
going to sell at this point. And the short side of this buyback right here, I make profit on
these shorts. These guys then end up getting fucked again and stopped out. It's how the market
moves. So just like how we get filled off of liquidity, we're looking to target draws on
liquidity to exit as well. So I use draws on liquidity, not only as entry points, but also
as exit points. It's literally the only way that I look for entries and exits from the market
because it's how the market moves. I'll show you guys another example. When price comes down
and sweeps out. Okay, look, this happens in both directions here. Boom. Four hour high right here.
What does price do? It pushes above the high. Hey, idiots, everybody going long here. You guys
just got fucked. We're going to fill all of these sell orders right here. Bye bye. We dump down.
Now we're entered into a whole bunch of sell positions.
So now what are we going to be looking to target? We need to target a draw on liquidity to be able
to offload these cells. So we need to push price down to a point where people are going to be
willing to sell, where we can buy back the positions for a profit. So where is that going
to be? It's going to be underneath lows. So there's a low right here. There's a low right
here. And then what do we see price do? Boom. Price comes down underneath this low and then
oh my God, it's so good. Look what price does right after coming underneath this low. Boom.
We come underneath this low. And then again, we get underneath a point where people are willing
to sell. So awesome. We can buy back our positions for a profit. And then what happens to the market
right after moving underneath this low, we get a little relief and then price moves even further
down. Boom. Underneath this low, people are pressing sell absolute dumb asses. Again, we're
able to offload all of these short positions and boom, buy them back for a lower price, giving us
a profit. And then boom, what does price do to them? Says, fuck you. Okay. Now let's go over the
other direction.
Boom. Now we just came down, swept out these lows. Awesome. Everybody is pressing sell.
When we push underneath these lows, we see boom, change in trend. Awesome. We're pressing buy. We
filled all of our buy orders underneath here. Now that we have a bunch of buy orders filled.
Awesome. We have entries right here. We need to find a spot to exit. So what do we do? We identify
a draw on liquidity. Awesome. These were the four hour highs that we previously used to make the
move down. Awesome. We have buy orders right here. Where can we sell them back for a higher price to
be in a profit? Where are people willing to buy our shares? We bought all of these shares down
here for a cheap price. As price goes higher, we're in profit. So when we're in profit, we want
to sell these shares for us to make money. And again, there's a shit ton of orders that are
filled down here. So we can't just be selling right here. That's going to tank the market.
And then boom, we're fucked. So what do we need to do? We need to convince people,
to buy our contracts at a higher price when we're in profit. Where are the dumb asses willing to buy
above these highs? Why? Oh, because we pushed above a high and the uptrend is continuing.
Awesome. We're going to drive price up, push above these highs, and then boom,
we're able to exit right here. It's like fucking clockwork guys. There's truly no better
confluence in trading than liquidity sweeps. Are you with a fucking wall? It's how the market
liquidity sweeps. You guys are stupid. Hopefully you guys enjoyed this video.
I'll catch you guys in the next one. Peace out.
Peace out.


==============================
VIDEO 030 — Live Day Trading Losing $12,781 (I GOT F＊CKED)-57EEbYz_mcU
==============================

What is up little baby boys and little girls? I hope there are no little girls watching this,
but I hope there are little boys watching this because I'm going to teach you how to
make generational wealth even though I actually ended up losing $12,000 yesterday day trading
NASDAQ and the S&P 500. Pretty unfortunate, I'm not going to lie, because if we had won
this full trade on NASDAQ, NASDAQ smoking on that gas pack, we would be swimming in bread
as of yesterday. And if I didn't move my stop loss to break even on this ES trade,
I would have been swimming in bread. And then I need to go ahead and show you guys the losing
trade on NASDAQ. So before we get into this, let's go over what our bias was for the day
yesterday. So coming into the day, coming, emphasis on come, coming into the day yesterday,
let's go over what our bias was for the day yesterday. So coming into the day,
let's go over what our bias was for the day yesterday. So coming into the day,
let me go on the hourly team frame. Okay. So from London session into New York open,
we pretty much had manipulation to the downside. And then boom, we already started the,
we already started the move up during London session. I high key, low key, high key wanted us
to sweep out London session highs, which were right here, and then get a rotation down to this
hourly order block that I marked out in blue and down to,
to hourly equilibrium, which was also pretty close to that blue line as well.
Now this ended up happening, but I ended up getting fucked on, on the back end
because I was just a little bit too ambitious here. So that was my overall bias. My overall
bias was I wanted to be short for multiple reasons. First reason was that the S&P 500 was
right when market opened, it was already above these London session highs.
But it was sweeping out Asian session highs, like boom, like as we were at, like right as we were
opened. So I was like, bet, I'm just going to look for a five minute break of structure,
which we got right when the macro hit fucking perfect. And then from there, I'm just going to
look and try and find any sort of five minute confluences, confluences. And there were a lot,
there was this five minute order block. There was this five minute breaker block.
There was this five minute fair value gap. Now, all of things, all of these things are grand and
nice. My first take profit was set on this hourly order block right here. Okay. And then I was also
looking for hourly equilibrium. Come on, bro. I was also looking for hourly equilibrium,
which was right underneath that blue line. Now, again, this would have been a good trade
emphasis on would have if price just didn't move so violently.
Without me. So we see the five minute break of structure. We see the move right back into the
right back into the fair value gap, the order block, the breaker block.
The first trade was on NASDAQ. It was a short off of literally all the same confluences,
except for the fact that NASDAQ made a five minute SMT. So ES, as we saw this high was
lower than this high. So I was like, this is awesome. The S and P 500 is sweeping out
in session highs. That's one of our key levels. We already had a five minute break of structure
to the downside. We're filling in five minute confluences. And to make this even better,
we get a five minute SMT. What could possibly go wrong? This could go wrong. A candle the size of
Drake's penis could go wrong. Okay. We get a 60 kick, 60 tick down candle on NASDAQ and me being,
relatively rarded. I like, I see this candle and I'm like, okay, well we hit the order block
and we hit equilibrium, but I'm just going to wait for a one minute retracement because I think
we're going to go lower. No TJR, no little baby boy. The second that one level gets taken out to
the upside, like your key level. And then the second that one of your take profits gets delivered,
you should be done for the day. I did not listen to that advice whatsoever. I waited for this
retrace into, I believe this was like a five minute gap. And then I entered short when we
inverse this one minute gap because I was like, perfect. We've got a five minute retrace. And
then this is going to continue us lower. So I put my stop loss above these highs and my targets
were these London session lows. This was the reason why this was a bad trade was not
only was the one hour bullish, not only was the higher timeframes bullish, but our take profit
had our first take profit had already been delivered. So at that point, I'm entering into
a trade, looking for an extended take profit. When the main area that I wanted to be delivered
had already been delivered. When in on the higher timeframe, we were in an uptrend. So boom,
that happens. I instantly get stopped out. And during this time, I was like, I was like,
calling signals on my, my Instagram story, but because I couldn't live stream this,
I wanted to help some people out. And of course, bro, like I go two for two on the first two days
of this week. And then of course, the one day that I go and try and help people out on my
Instagram story, I get fucked on. Um, but it is what it is because I ended up calling out this
trade afterwards, um, which would have been much more of a win, but it is what it is. So we see
this get delivered. I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like,
and then that's when I, that's when I realized like, okay, okay. We break five minutes structure
to the upside. Okay. Bet we break five minutes structure to the upside. And I have already
realized why I lost this trade. The one hour is in an uptrend. Our first take profit had been
delivered and this is actually another key level. And then boom, we break structure to the upside
off the five minute, uh, on the five minute off of our key level. So I'm thinking, okay,
let's save these people that were taking my bias on shorts.
From my Instagram story, we'll try and do them a favor and give them a, another position. Okay.
So I say, look, we get a five minute break of structure. This, these two up candles are a
breaker block. Um, you know, you could, some people consider this down candle, this black
candle and order block me personally. I don't really do that, but we also came into equilibrium.
Awesome. What else do we have left to deliver on NASDAQ that we actually got really close to that
we pretty much had like relative equal highs off of this and this right here. Well, we have
Asian session highs and we have previous day highs all the way up here. So those were my two take
profits. We get the five minute break of structure. We get the five minute retrace
into equilibrium and to the, and, and, and into the breaker block on this candlestick down right
here. I enter purely off of this one minute up candle. There was no reason to wait for like
an inverse for value.
Okay.
If I wanted to, I would have just entered on this candle because we ended up inversing this,
but there's nothing to inverse because we're already in bullish order flow.
Um, and this one minute swing low from swing to high, we also came into equilibrium. It was just
perfect entered there. I kind of just gave like a bit of a random stop loss here. I kind of put it
like at the 79% extension on the Fibonacci, um, right here, because I'm like, all right, look,
I don't want to put it underneath these lows because then that doesn't give me a good enough
risk reward. I'm just going to put it like a little bit there. And at this point, if I get
stopped out on this, then I should retire from trading. Price comes up, hits my first take
profit. Okay. I'm able to take 50% off of the position. And very, unfortunately we see price
come down. I ended up getting stopped out at break even due to spread. And then boom, right
after that price goes on and rallies to hit my final take profit, which would have made me
probably would have made me like positive 12K on the day if I hit on this. Um, but I didn't. And
then you guys will all see these, me taking these trades live in the, in this vlog that I've been
filming too. So stay tuned for that. But I took this swing trade on ES as well, where my one and
only take profit were these relative equal highs. We have boom weekly highs right here, start of the
week highs. And then we have these highs that never ended up sweeping. So I'm going to take
out these start of the week highs. So I was like, these highs are mega high confluence. We have to
take these out. And I was about to get on an air. I was about to board my airplane and all of the
entries, same exact reason. Okay. We had a five minute fair value gap right here. Um, we had five
minute breaker block on these two up candles right here. We, yes, we already took out these Asian
highs due to these relative equal highs. I was like this, like, yes, we already took this out,
but the, these highs right here are the most obvious and most easy drawn liquidity for price
to go to. And I wanted to take a swing trade based on that. I wouldn't have made too much money if
this hit regardless. Um, I probably only would have made like $2,000. So it wouldn't have chipped
away like too much on my loss. And I just, whatever, same reason we get a five minute
break of structure after coming down into a key level, have my obvious draw on liquidity,
right here, five minute break of structure, five minute fair value gap, five minute breaker block
scaled down to the one minute timeframe. Okay. This one, I did have to wait for an inverse fair
value gap because we broke one minute structure to the downside right here for us to come down
and fill in those five minute, those five minute confluences. So I wanted for us to break one
minute structure back to the upside, or just give me five, a one minute bullish order flow
confirmation. So I was looking for either a one minute break of structure or a one,
minute inverse for value gap. I saw it via this one minute inverse for value gap. Okay. I entered
off of this candle, inversing this bearish gap from there, put my stop loss underneath these lows
and price moved up here. Once we took out these highs, I just moved my stop loss to
stop loss to break even because I was about to get on the plane and I knew I was going to lose,
uh, lose connection. So I didn't want to like potentially lose more because I was already
down.
$30,000. And then when I hit take profit one on NASDAQ, that was at the same time
as that, this high being made on ES. So I was like, fuck it. I'm going to move all my stop
losses to break even. I'm about to board this plane. Um, and we'll hope for the best moved all
the rest of my stop losses, break even. I didn't take any profit on this ES trade. Um, and then
boom, unfortunately I get stopped out of break even. And then following right after that full
take profit.
So it would have been hit. But then again, I'm not really crying about this because I only would
have made like $2,000 or like $2,500. So it wouldn't have like been make or break for me,
but this NASDAQ trade would have been a huge profit because it was a one to 6.8 risk to reward
ratio. And unfortunately on the short, I, uh, I did risk a large amount. I kind of,
I had like a brain slip up. You guys will see in the vlog. I was doing two, I did eight lots total
on NASDAQ, but I thought I was only risking four lots. So I thought I was only risking,
risking 15 K. And then I ended up risking 30 K instead because I thought it was, I was doing
four positions of one lot each, but instead I was doing four positions of two lots. Each
ended up biting me in the asshole. Um, and yeah,
but it is what it is. This, this trade would have been a far better trade to go heavier on the risk,
but amen, that's, uh, that's kind of how trading works. You never know which trade is going to go
in your direction. And yeah, just wanted to come on here. I will not be streaming. Uh, most of the
time I do do streams on all of these confluences and stuff like that. I am going to be, uh, I have
a surgery that I'm getting done. So I'm kind of going to be bedridden for a little bit and just
staying in Miami after I get the surgery done. So I'm going to get that done. And then I'll keep
you guys updated on my Instagram story. Whenever I plan on doing a live stream again, maybe like
I'll be off the fucking painkiller meds and like do gambling streams. That would be fun,
but I don't want to be risking live capital within the market while I'm super out of it,
high on surgery medication and shit like that. And just like out of focus, I have to go under
for the surgery too. So I'm going to be bedridden for a little bit. So I'm going to be bedridden for
a little bit. So I just want to play it safe. I don't want to be rushing back into it. I've had a
really good start of 2025 in terms of trading. So yeah, we're going to call off the rest of this
week for trades and honestly a good time to do it because apparently today's price action was
horrible. I had to go to my pre-op this morning, so I didn't even really look at price action.
Yup. It looks pretty shitty. Um, so yeah, no reason for me to even cry about missing out on
this. I appreciate you guys watching this. Hopefully you guys continue to learn from me.
I love and appreciate you guys. Peace the fuck out.


==============================
VIDEO 031 — Live Day Trading Losing $128,680 (I LOST 140K OVER THE LAST 2 DAYS)-7We6u-TW3z4
==============================

All right, guys, market is about to open.
Currently, we're forming this high time frame, bearish SMT off of these daily highs.
Boom, this high up to this high on ES, this high down to this high on NASDAQ.
Leads me to believe that we are going to want to target these lows.
Doesn't necessarily mean that we have to be bearish today, because right now, actually,
we are making a bullish SMT divergence off of these lows right here with ES and NASDAQ.
So we could see one more leg up before getting the move down that we want.
However, time will tell.
We could mark it open and then immediately move up and take out these five minute highs
or these five minute highs, which I mean.
Looks like we could potentially be doing right now and then look to target lower.
That would be my preferred route for today.
My preferred way of going about about today would be having price initially move up and
then looking for shorts rather than looking for longs.
And what I'm seeing is like a high time frame bearish market right now, you know, obviously
target the new week.
Remainder of the gap that hasn't been completely filled yet, but right now, that's kind of
what I'm looking at.
Yes, we still have draws and liquidity to the downside, but after this low, there's
not much.
That's another thing.
There's not.
We're kind of in like no man's land with draws and liquidity to the downside.
There's not much.
We have these lows that have already been taken out by NASDAQ, and then these are the
weekly open lows.
And then we have the.
Top of the or sorry, the bottom of the new week opening gap.
It's kind of a big gap between these lows and these lows right here.
And it's just, you know, it's a little bit difficult for me to want to target these things
on.
Yes, you know, it's pretty easy to target these lows, but but on NASDAQ, you know, it's
a little bit it's not as realistic for me to sit here and say.
Yeah, I want these hourly lows because that's a big move down.
We do have a decent amount of low resistance draws and liquidity to the upside.
We have these highs right here, these highs right here, these highs, these highs, these
highs.
So it's just watching and waiting to see what price wants to do.
Currently forming that bullish SMT because yes, isn't underneath these lows just yet.
I did take a loss yesterday.
I lost around twenty thousand dollars.
Trade recap.
I'll go ahead and do the trade recap on this.
The long position that I tried to take.
It wasn't ideal.
It was later in the trading day as well.
I didn't post it on YouTube yesterday because we had that blog that went live.
But yeah, we will see what price wants to do right now.
It's kind of just going sideways.
See what price wants to do.
Oh, here she comes.
Watch out, boy.
Shoot you.
Oh, here she comes.
He's a man.
Need a.
Oh, here she comes.
Watch out, boy.
Shoot you up.
Oh, here she comes.
Man.
Need her.
Whoa.
Here she comes.
Watch out, boy.
Shoot you up.
Oh, here she comes.
He's a man.
Need her.
It's looking for my chapstick.
Chapstick.
I wear my chapstick like a bad bitch.
Fucking that be fantastic.
The government shutdown is supposed to end or is supposed to be over, right?
Isn't the government.
Is the government shutdown over?
Let's look.
I think government shutdown is done, right?
Yes.
President Trump has officially signed a bill ending the U.S. government shutdown.
The record is setting 43.
43-day government shutdown is over.
Awesome.
Government shutdown is done.
Let's look at the final statistics for the government shutdown.
Five million airline passengers delayed or canceled.
619 billion in new federal debt.
Federal statistical system permanently damaged.
October jobs and inflation data may never be released.
Holy shit.
43 days of economic data currently being delayed.
750,000 federal workers furloughed.
The current funding bill only reopens the government through January 30th.
Damn.
So we could potentially shut down again come January 30th.
Damn.
All right.
Price is dumping right now.
All right.
Yes.
Let's see.
The target for ES would be these lows.
I mean, like I'm bearish for ES.
I mean, like I'm bearish for ES.
I mean, like I'm bearish for today.
What did London Session do?
London Session did a whole bunch of nothing, huh?
Yeah, London Session.
OK, so this is looking like London manipulation or leading into manipulation New York reversal.
Who knows where New York is going to reverse into?
Couldn't tell you where New York is going to reverse into.
But we could get a bit of a New York reversal.
I mean we have all of these low resistance highs here.
But not even saying much.
I'm pretty sure when you look at the stock markets right now, there's been a little bit
of a down.
And with that in mind I'm not sure what we have done wrong for the rest of the year.
So I'm not gonna go too far.
But let's see if we can think of any way we can saint.
I think we have done just a good job of doing just that.
and printing down candles so es is definitely going to take out these these lows there's no
real like honestly for me today bro there's no real like strong draw on liquidity so it's kind
of putting me in a sticky situation nasdaq's just dumping nasdaq could very well come down to take
out these lows there's really no like okay look realistically what are the draws on liquidity for
the day like london session highs are all the way up here asia session highs are all the way up here
we've already taken out london session lows and asia session lows and previous day lows
this technically these lows down here are technically the best draws on liquidity that
we can target we have hourly highs we have london session highs we have asia session highs
we already took out asia session lows we already took out london session lows
we're taking out previous day lows right now we've taken out i mean yeah it's just comparing
what draw on the
liquidity is closer and what's easier achieved for us to come up and take out this high which
on nasdaq doesn't really make sense it makes sense for us to want to target these lows on
nasdaq so the trade that i'm probably going to want to take would be a short on nasdaq down to
these lows yes just took these out this out we're realistically what i need to wait for is like just
a five minute retrace of the upside on nasdaq monday
at 11 oh what the fuck monday at 11 oh wow so we're actually forming a huge bullish smt i didn't
even realize that i thought these lows this is tuesday at 11 this is tuesday at 11 this is
monday at 11 nasdaq okay changes things a little bit but not really because again the draws on
liquidity to the upside are like not the best es is super high above these lows that nasdaq is
pretty far underneath we would just need like the reversal to start now next the next candle would
have to be bullish the next candle would have to like inverse and then the candle after that would
have to inverse this gap we would have to see es reacting off of this liquidity sweep like
the second that this candlestick closes because it's 10 minutes into market open right now then
again there's like no good draws on liquidity like where would nasdaq rather go would it rather go
down to take out these lows right now and then get them back up there and just keep it low on the
lows or would rather go up to these highs? These highs are two times as far, two times farther up
than where these lows are. Or are these even? Yeah, these are lows. Yes, the highs are a little
bit more achievable. It's just a five minute high though. Realistically, the high timeframe is
telling us that NASDAQ wants to come down and take out these lows. Probably won't happen by the end
of this week, but it will happen next week because we have that SMT divergence. And in order for the
SMT divergence to be completed, we need to take out these lows. What are the stocks looking like?
NVIDIA is back down. Palantir back down. Microsoft back down. Google back down. Robinhood back down.
Nebius back down. So yeah, all the tech stocks are still going down. We kind of had the dead
cap bounce from that initial big move down, whenever that was. I think it's hard for me to
want to...
Yeah.
This is exactly how I got fucked over yesterday. After we made that big dump down,
I was trying to trade a small retrace up and it was stupid. It's better for us to just play
within the current bias and the current trend. Wow. Wow. I mean, where's the entry? Non-existent,
eh? Non-existent, eh?
Okay. Non-existent entry for us. NASDAQ's probably going to take out these lows. Look at this. We've
just seen consistent market sell-off after market sell-off. Bro, NASDAQ can move down 200 freaking
points. I mean, shit, bro. It would honestly be in our favor if NASDAQ doesn't take out those lows
right now and then we just get a hefty five-minute retrace into this fair value gap for us to short
down here.
That would be in our best interest. Other than that, I don't want to take... I'm not willing to
take longs today, that's for sure. I learned my lesson yesterday. Yeah, I would like if we just
started retracing right now, filled maybe this gap. That might be too ambitious. Maybe it's just
like forming this five-minute up candle, filling this gap right here, just shorting down to these
lows. Crypto looks horrible, bro.
Bitcoin's like the only chart that looks like somewhat reasonable. Everything else looks like
shit. Okay, cool. So we're getting that retrace right now. I would just want us to... Yeah, I'm
just looking for a continuation of this realistically. I'm going to be right back taking a
piss. Yeah, there is negative reason for us to try and go against this move that's happening
right now. Especially NASDAQ's so close to these lows. That to me is just easy.
Low-hanging fruit for us to take. The goal would be for us to just get a break of structure to the
upside on the one-minute. Five-minute gap, boom, target these lows. Okay, cool. So we broke one-minute
structure to the upside. That's nice. Better form this five-minute gap here. See if we bop up and
fill it. Literally could just be as simple as taking a one-minute break, entering on that,
and then trading it down to the lows. Like what?
Okay. This little gap right here. Okay, we filled this gap on NASDAQ. We also have
this gap up here. Just like exactly what I want. I would want price to come up, fill
this gap like a big, hefty five-minute retrace. I can just look for shorts. Because again,
what draws on liquidity is price going to... What draw on liquidity would price rather
get still at this point in time down to here? Or we also have a low right here stacked up.
Super easy and attainable or up here still more than half the distance to go all the
way up and take out that high. Filling this five-minute gap here would be awesome if we
just sweep out this high right here and then boom, start that rotation. We took out that high.
I have only yes, not much. See if yes, in versus this. Yes. In versus the gap NASDAQ hasn't yet.
I would low-key rather take the trade on NASDAQ than on the ES but
i don't know because nasdaq has the high time frame lows we'll stay patient on this for now
i think we didn't take that see what we get here could be a one minute bearish smt
yep nasdaq pushed past these highs let's see what this next scandal is looking like on the one
minute nasdaq pushed past the highs yes it's underneath them we get a bearish close might be
better for us to take the trade on yes the nasdaq yes we're still monitoring these highs equal highs
or no they still they look lower no they're equal see how we want to close okay yes push
past these highs nasdaq we're pushing deeper into this gap yes took out these highs now
now we might be able to make that rotation yes looks good for shorts nasdaq is looking good too
no bearish close yet a good close it's not a good close we got to see like a fat ass bearish
candlestick then i'll be willing to go shorter and close properly yes is looking good if we can
close underneath this gap again now it just looks good in general for from yes still sitting and
watching and waiting yes poked above those highs again nasdaq underneath these highs maybe this
is the smt divergence to the downside that we want this might be it see if we can get a bearish
candle closure out of this yes pushed above these highs nasdaq didn't i would just like to see yup
yeah i would want to see a candlestick like that i can see a candlestick like that i can go ahead
and enter looking good on both indexes it's looking good oh i got the break i went short
here on nasdaq i also took a short on es because both of these look good
literally just one take profit on es just these lows nasdaq i want both of these lows
es is dumping nasdaq is pushing as well we inverse this five minute gap here
looks good to go lower we could extend take profits but
i don't really see any reason to i'd rather just take my bread and gtfo especially because
i'll make good money on this if it hits in hefty
retraces here now i don't really like that bro turn this bitch around stopped out of my es trade
damn bro i can't catch a break from these markets recently
still in the nasdaq but real fucking close to getting stopped out stopped out on nasdaq that
now damn lost 128 680 dollars um
um after that one
that sucks
i have an es inverses gap here i've just not been not been on my game guys i bet you now is when
price would start going down it's funny because yesterday i got burned taking along in this exact
same situation and then today same situation presents itself i take a short get burned
targeting these highs is just unrealistic
so to me it's looking like one of these indexes will probably take out these five minute pre-market
highs the other index won't and there's a rotation down off of that i don't i don't see a world where
we come up and take out these hourly highs up here i don't see that happening
um yeah i'm thinking there's no reason for me to try and
get back into the market today i think i gotta just reset um but anyways that gives me the
opportunity to go over the loss that i took yesterday which was a lot smaller of a loss
only lost 20k yesterday today i lost 128k which is unfortunate but it is what it is we'll go over
the loss that i took yesterday show you guys how it was a bit of a similar situation but
this was the loss from yesterday so yesterday
and this wasn't like necessarily good trading so
don't want you guys to be copying me on this one because this was just not the best trade
anyways we had all of these lows that were stacked up these low resistance draws
on liquidity those were my initial targets coming into market open but market opened and then we
immediately came down and took out like every single one of them and on nasdaq again we took
out every single one of them right now so i'm going to go over the loss that i took yesterday
on nasdaq we came down and we swept out these lows and these lows and these lows
and made this little up candle right here and then on es we came down and we didn't really get
to any of these lows we end up pushing a little bit lower at around 945 and then right right
where was it yeah right here nasdaq creates a bullish smt divergence
at around 1020 and on es we make a bullish smt divergence at these lows at like 1025 and because
es wasn't all the way underneath these lows like nasdaq was i saw that as high time frame bullish
smt divergence and low time frame bullish smt divergence but you know obviously i was trading
against the massive downtrend that we were in and i ended up going long within here it was
literally just on this one minute break and i was like oh my god i'm going to be like oh my god
i'm going to be like oh my god i'm going to be like oh my god i'm going to be like oh my god
i'm going to be like oh my god i'm going to be like oh my god i'm going to be like oh my god
shush to the upside long on this candle so closure boom stops were underneath these
these lows right here i got stopped out within seconds um or within just like the first couple
minutes was not an ideal trade to take but it is what it is um i really just wanted to target
these highs up here um i thought that we were going to get like a what i thought
we were going to get what we got today which was you know like a deep retrace
to end up going lower um because again it took pretty much this the trade that i avoided today
where it was like hey we came down on nasdaq we sweep i took just the right the right trades at
the wrong times if we flip the trades that i took today um and yesterday then i would be in the
green um but you know it is what it is because again today on nasdaq we took out all of these
lows all of these lows right and on es we're still above the majority of the lows that nasdaq swept
it's the same trade right high time frame bullish smt divergence except this time there wasn't any
low time frame bullish smt divergence but yeah we got high time frame sweep smt divergence we
would have just waited for that equilibrium retrace right here we got it and then looked
to enter so that was why i didn't i mean i told you guys at the start of today
um the
trade yesterday is why i didn't want to go long today ended up going short today ended up getting
burned um i i think it's it's best for me and my account balance to not trade today even though
or trade again today even though i'm looking at this and i want to i think that's just in my
best interest to opt out of even thinking of doing something like that it looks really freaking good
i'm just gonna let the show go and just watch it go in the direction that i think it's going to go in
holy hype
oh man it's tough
man it sucks seeing this happen
all right guys i think i'm just going to call it here
i think it's best for me to just get off the charts and not look at this anymore
we'll see um what i think is going if what i think is going to happen happens
um i think it's just best for my mental health
um i think石
this is this is me poor После
if i get off of the charts right now so that i don't try and get myself into another trade and
put more risk on the table not what i want all right boys peace sorry


==============================
VIDEO 032 — Live Day Trading Losing $25,936 (I LOST THE HOUSE)-SD0NHz-22do
==============================

What's up, guys? This is how I lost $25,000 day trading the NASDAQ today. Old TJR is not back.
In fact, TJR is washed. I suck at trading. But with that being said, let's get into how I found
my daily bias, why I even wanted longs for the day, and why I still low-key be thinking
that we should still potentially be able to complete my daily bias. I know I sound fucking
ridiculous, but I have a vision, and I think that I will be correct. Matter of fact, I might even
pause this. Actually, no. TikTok clippers, clip this when I'm right. And if I'm wrong,
you never saw this happen, okay? But maybe I'm just getting too married to my bias here,
but I truly do think that I'm still going to be right on this. Maybe I'm fucking crazy,
but let's get into how I found my bias. So coming into market open,
we were hovering underneath these lows. We actually already saw London Session come
through and sweep out these lows. Me personally, if I look at this, we had a high timeframe,
a daily SMT on these lows. So we can see that NASDAQ made a lower low, and ES made a higher
low, okay? Typically, I don't use and find my daily bias off of SMTs on the daily timeframe.
Matter of fact, most of the time, I don't even look at the daily timeframe, but I'm
going to look. On the weekly timeframe, we're still maintaining bullish market structure because
we haven't broken structure to the downside yet, but we have tossed wicks underneath these lows.
And on top of that, on the monthly timeframe, we are more than enough within equilibrium
on the monthly timeframe. And as we know, this is a freaking index. Most of the time,
we move up. And especially if we've already gotten that big of a retrace on a higher timeframe,
I would assume for us to start turning around now. But anyways, that was kind of what I was
looking for and at on the higher timeframes and why my initial bias was bullish. Now let's go
into the lower timeframes and let's look at this. During London Session, like I had mentioned,
we had this sell-off, we took out these lows, and then we started this mini reversal on London
Session. So we had London Session sweep out of these lows right here. Boom,
and then we started the reversal, and then boom, New York pre-market opened at around 830. So I was
like, okay, cool. We had London Session manipulation taking out these four-hour lows, and we're already
seeing it reversing to the upside. So for me, I was taking a trade or attempting to take a trade
towards the next draw on liquidity, which for me were these London Session highs. We had London
Session highs right here.
We had, we have London Session highs right here, low resistance draw on liquidity right here,
low resistance draw on liquidity right here, low resistance draw on liquidity right here,
and then previous day highs all the way up here. I obviously didn't think that we were going to go
up and take out previous day highs. Okay, I'm not that dumb, but I did think that for us to want to
continue down, we would have wanted London Session highs. Again, I guess I kind of,
rode off the fact that we were in this imbalance because of me marrying that high timeframe bias
of me seeing that daily SMT, because we're down, we're in a discounted price range right now from
these swing lows up to these swing highs, for sure. And actually, we're getting like slowly to
the point where we're damn near invalidating that SMT, and we might actually be able to do that.
We might actually have to come down and take out these lows again for us to want to turn around
because of how low we're pushing. But prior to that, we were actually within a good area,
like sitting, sweeping out these lows. And I was like, okay, now would be the time for us to turn
around. But after today's price action, especially if we continue lower, it's not going to be
looking too hot. So with all of that in mind, we saw London Session open, we get a sweep of these
highs, and then we see a sell-off, and then we see a sweep of these lows.
And then we see, boom, market start to reverse back up. So in my eyes, I thought New York was
going to continue in this direction. And if we put these back on, we can see that New York opened,
and I wanted manipulation to the downside. And we were actually maintaining bullish structure
on NASDAQ, which is where I took my trade. We were maintaining 15-minute bullish structure,
which for me, I was like, oh, even better. We were tossing
wicks underneath these 15-minute lows. We were tossing wicks underneath these 15-minute lows.
We were filling in this imbalance. And on top of that, we were filling in this breaker block.
I was like, oh, dude, this is so money for long. So what did I do? I waited
for the macro. And on top of that, I waited for five-minute order flow to start to get
disrespected. And for me, that was when we pushed past what really should have been a
bearish order block. Again, we kind of got a lot of things going on right here. Let me remove this.
Let me remove this for now. And then let me remove this for now. Okay. So again, we had London
session sweep. We start the reversal. I'm expecting New York session to open, manipulate
these five-minute lows, which is what we did. And then I'm looking for disrespect of five-minute
order flow or just five-minute structure. And I saw that by us coming all the way up towards
these highs. Yes, we didn't break these highs just yet, but we disrespected this order block.
And why am I considering this an order block? Well, because it was the move up prior to the
breaker structure to the downside on the five-minute. Okay. So we see the breaker structure to the
downside on the five-minute, and then we come up and disrespect that order block. And then
we didn't disrespect all of these breakers.
We barely missed it. But for me, disrespecting the order block was enough. And also, if we get
a retrace like all the way up here, I'm assuming that we're going to push higher. And we actually
did. We ended up taking out all of these relative equal highs right here, but then ended up pushing
the price lower. So after seeing all that, again, not that you guys should be taking notes on any
of this because I got this incorrectly today. After seeing all this, I saw I was looking for an
entry. Okay.
Let's see. Where were we at? I was looking for an entry after we had disrespected
that five-minute order block. And this was when we disrespected the five-minute order block. We
get one more sell off. And then what do we have? We have an inverse fair value gap right here.
And on top of that, we get a breaker structure back to the upside on the one minute. And for me,
that was good enough for me to enter because we had already had our sweep of liquidity.
We were maintaining bullish structure on the 15-minute. We disrespected,
bearish structure on the five minute and then we were showing like confirmation structure
on the one minute in all reality i probably should have waited for either a fair value gap
a breaker block or an order block for me to actually confirm that entry but at this point
in time it was already 10 so i was like look i'm trying to get in i think we're going to seek out
these london session highs instead we push up we take out these pre-market highs
shit the bed down take out these lows like this was just whipsaw of a day and i think the majority
of that can be due to us having fomc minutes due at 2 p.m eastern time most the time i'm never
really concerned about this there's only a couple times that we're concerned about fomc
minutes and the last time that i was actually concerned about it was when they were um talking
about like fun fun rates and that's when it actually matters for me at least um but this time
it was pretty clear to me that when i was trading within this i was literally just trading within a
range we can see that this was the range that we were trading within and i ended up getting
cooked in this range lost 25k um so that was not
fun you saw price push up take out these highs sell off and then again this was like pretty much
wyckoff's method like twice and not that you guys need to know wyckoff's method but essentially it's
just consolidation sweep and then we got the first sweep and then boom second sweep and then
boom third sweep like this entire time we really haven't been seeking out like very valid or
solid draws on liquidity like
this is actually the accordion pattern that i talked about wow that's hilarious this is literally
the accordion pattern that i said that the market would like never move in but this is genuinely
the accordion pattern look at this move up liquidity sweep move higher liquidity sweep
like this is literally the accordion pattern like if we were to continue like this it would
look like that we are literally making the accordion pattern on the chart so in unfortunate
loss for me today um again i was talking over all of my thoughts live on kick so if you guys
want to watch me talk about these trades live every single morning i go on kick at 9 a.m eastern
time okay you guys can watch me live trade follow me on there so that you guys get notifications
about it but i'm not gonna lie i am i know i sound fucking crazy but
i low-key am like semi holding my bias of i want these london session highs i know i sound crazy
but this is pretty much like a high time frame consolidation and what we just had right here
is literally what we just showed on the lower time frame that accordion pattern sorry it wasn't on
yes it was right here it's literally what's happening right now that we showed on the lower
time frame sweep of highs sweep of lows sweep of highs and now we're getting sick of lows again
um and yeah looking at price action obviously in hindsight um we shouldn't have been trading
this range and i really just shouldn't have been trading pre fomc minutes but hey man pm session
starts in around 15 minutes the urge to just press long
with no stop loss and no thoughts no bias just hopes and dreams matter of fact price isn't going
to move down from here on out we're taking out these london session highs i'm going i'm going to
come back to this i'm gonna come back to this and if i was wrong this was obviously a joke
and if i'm right this was obviously prepared
and i knew exactly what i was doing i'm just kidding this isn't an actual trade setup
but i really do think we can take out those london session highs maybe i'm just super
fucking married to my bias but i do think that we should fucking hit them bitches
tell me if i'm wrong and if i'm right if i'm wrong i'll admit that i'm wrong on tiktok if i'm
right i'm going to be talking my shit for the rest of the day and all of stream tomorrow okay
so with that being said i love and appreciate you guys i'll see you guys on stream tomorrow
wait before we go i'm going to be talking my shit for the rest of the day and all of stream tomorrow
it's a dead unks birthday tomorrow no it's not a dead unks birthday who's that dead president
are we allowed to trade tomorrow is the market going to be open tomorrow
is the market going to be open tomorrow because jordan carter died that president
is the market going to be open or not because if he if it's not open i'll still stream and we'll
talk about shit but i want to know and i'm too lazy to look it up matter of fact let's
look it up right now okay i'll get insider trading is market open tomorrow oh here we go
is the stock market oh wait i need to make sure i don't get docs if i open this and it tells me to
like sign in with google or some shit they always be popping up with the freaking ads and shit
okay let's see what new york stock exchange will be closed on thursday we never closed the market
when king vaughn died
and y'all are closing it for this dude that isn't even on a dollar bill bro
bond markets will be open but for reduced hours closing early at 2 p.m eastern time what are we
supposed to do tomorrow the market's closed what the fuck are we supposed to do trading on new
york stock exchange will be closed nasdaq said it will be closing trading of all u.s equities and
auctions that day as well there's no way this dude has that much motion
who the
fuck is this guy who the fuck is jordan carter and why is the market closing
because he died somebody look into that shit for me anyways i love you guys i'll see you guys
tomorrow whether the market's opened or closed


==============================
VIDEO 033 — Live Day Trading Making $0 (QUICKEST TRADING DAY EVER)-5yB06OgZmEk
==============================

What up gang unit? We are back and we're black. Okay, so today I'm going to try not to trade.
It's a no news Monday, as you guys can see, and we're coming off of two extremely volatile
days. So extremely volatile on Thursday, extremely volatile on Friday. Going into a no news
Monday, which is typically not volatile at all. On top of that, a very low, like little to no news
this week compared to a news packed last week. Overall, I just think that this week itself is
going to be pretty slow because we're coming off of this really big drastic move. And I'm not saying
that there won't be any opportunity in the market to be able to take advantage of. But
I'm not saying that there won't be any opportunity in the market to be able to take advantage of.
But I'm not saying that there won't be any opportunity in the market to be able to take
advantage of. But I am saying that I like especially today because it's a no news Monday
after two very volatile days. Regardless, no news Mondays, most people try and avoid trading
anyways. But the fact that this is a no news Monday, no news Mondays have low volatility.
And we're coming off of two very, very volatile days. I'm expecting today's price action to be
slow. And on top of that, I'm expecting this week's price action to be slow. And on top of
that, I'm expecting this week's price action to be slow. Not saying that there won't be any sort of
entries, but I'm saying on the high time frame, I do think that we will be not nearly as volatile
as last week. And we'll probably just like kind of chill around and consolidate for this week
until we can find some overall direction of where we want to go. Me personally, I think that this
I made a tick tock in an Instagram reel about this saying that we needed a flash crash.
The flash crash is flash crash has happened. We could potentially go lower, but I'm not going to
lie. This is
it. It looks like we'll, we'll probably get a decent reversal off of this point.
I don't think that we're just going to have a V shaped reversal. I think that we'll probably
come down, consolidate, accumulate a little bit off of this liquidity sweep that we just had.
And then maybe the following week, we'll be able to start moving back up again.
But yeah, that's pretty much all that I see right now. We saw I'm bearish today.
Um, whether I find a trade entry for that or not, um, we'll see, but we have a bullish Asian
session, a bullish London session, literally no, um, like no form of manipulation on high
timeframes from either Asian session or London session. So there's gotta be some form of
manipulation, uh, for New York session. The only draw that I could see being possible would
be previous day highs right here.
And then once I mark out these London session lows, and I don't even need to mark out Asian
session lows, cause that's just so drastic. And then let's look at the S and P 500, same shit,
Asian session up only London session up only no high time for manipulation whatsoever. Um,
yes, it's going towards these previous day highs as well. I think the only possible trade
that we could see would be an S and P 500.
Divergence NASDAQ sweeps out these previous day highs. Yes, doesn't. And then we catch shorts
off of that. That would be the only trade idea or setup that I could possibly see. But again,
today is a no news Monday. I'm going to be more risk off than I usually am if I do end up taking
a trade. But for me, I'm going to need to see.
Like right now I'm getting into the market expecting not to place a trade. Okay. So I'm
getting into the market expecting not to place a trade and I'm down syndrome. Um, I'm getting
into the market expecting not to place a trade and I need the market to give me literally every
reason possible for me to be able to be willing to take trade. Cool. Cool. Right now I'm not
going to lie. It's given some pretty good reasons. If we can take out these previous day highs,
it's also an hourly high. It would be pretty decent to be able to see some rotations down off
of that, especially in SMT divergence. That would be pretty solid. Um, but for the time being,
we got to wait until these highs get swept. But, um, again, I think that NASDAQ will probably
sweep out these highs. Yes. Won't be able to sweep out these highs just because of how much,
how close our NASDAQ is. Um, and yeah, we'll, we'll kind of go from there.
So pretty much what I'm seeing, those are stacked. So we have one, two, three low resistance
liquidity, and then one, two low resistance liquidity. NASDAQ just swept out previous day
highs. We have one, two, three low resistance liquidity, one, two, three low resistance
liquidity, um, that we could potentially look for action off. But again, like I said,
I'm kind of just trying to chill. Um, I had, we had a crazy week last week, really, really good
week. Um, so after that big week, we are probably going to try and preserve some of that capital.
So yeah. What are you guys expecting from this week? Let me know your guys' thoughts
again, because I could be completely wrong. I'm right a decent amount of the time, but
I'm also wrong every now and then. So we'll see. NASDAQ just swept out previous day highs.
I'm just saying calm, cool, and collected here. I can finally, like,
sort of run my hands through my hair again. I'm trying to grow this bitch back out,
not back out to like the long, long hair, but I don't know. I've just been switching hairstyles
consistently went from long hair to like the short kind of long hair. And then went from that
to a buzz cut. Now we got the boozy fade. Oh man. Let's see where Bitcoin's at. Yeah.
Did I talk about this? I did talk about this in the last trade recap, how we came down to filling
this order block right here, which is pretty enticing. Ideally, we don't trade anywhere near
this low. The lowest I see us going would be potentially underneath this low, but even that
seems pretty fucking steep to me. I think I mentioned in that trade recap when I was talking
about this, anything in this imbalance is a pretty solid area. Did we break weekly structure?
We did, but this is on Bitstamp. Let's see. Where's like the, let's see what these drawings
we're talking about. Let's see on the official sheet. Yeah. So we broke weekly structure on
Bitcoin. Probably going to get a monthly retrace. I don't think it will be too steep though.
Maybe we wick underneath. Oh damn then. Shit, dude. Underneath that monthly low,
that is kind of in line with this right here.
Mine, a little sweep of this and then a rotation right back on up, but that that's going to take
some time. I think that this month will be probably pretty slow. So just like how we're
going to eventually see a high timeframe SMT off of these previous day highs right here,
these Friday highs, or I, geez, I was saying that as if it's like for sure going to happen,
but just like how we want a SMT to have a high timeframe SMT to happen off of these highs,
I would want a low timeframe SMT to happen as well. So right now that's not happening on the
one minute. We're going to have to sit and wait a little bit longer. And again, I'm not trying to
trade today. I need the market to give me every single reason to trade. If ES takes out these
highs, I might as, I literally will call it a day and I'll hop off. Bro, ES is ripping. If we take
out these highs, I'm calling it a day. Like what?
Well, that's actually a day for me. ES took out these previous day highs and I'm not trading today.
Yep. Literally nothing else for me to see here. GGs. Catch you guys in the next one. Peace out,
bros.


==============================
VIDEO 034 — Live Day Trading Making $133,900 (I AM SIZING UP FOR NOVEMBER)-jN7PWOEo2Rk
==============================

All right, guys, so sorry for starting this so late, but right now we currently have.
I know that this is late, but I'm just going to walk you guys through what I see.
We have a bearish SMT divergence on ES and on NASDAQ, and I'm looking to go short on
ES because it's the leading index to the downside, looking to target these lows, these lows,
these lows. I haven't entered just yet. I'm waiting for a little bit more confirmation.
We did break structure to the downside on NASDAQ, but all that we have right now is just this five
minute SMT divergence. I would low key want to wait for a little bit more of a confirmation.
I mean, like if this fill the equilibrium, that could be solid. I mean, yeah, we got
really freaking close.
So as long as I can just see confirmation confluences down and out of this or out of
this retrace, then that would be good. But unfortunately, we're kind of in no man's
land right now. We're in this like big ass, like imbalanced price range right through
here, which is also leading me to want to be at least somewhat bullish up until these
highs. But at the same time, that doesn't mean that there's opportunity to trade at
least down to these lows or these lows, these lows, and these lows, which I think is very
possible. And, you know, pretty likely low key. So we're getting these moves down, I'm
going to go ahead and enter short here on ES. And I'm going to put my stops above these
highs right here. Because that would pretty much be invalidation.
The price is the dependent on the
bottom stay of the EMT divergence. And let's see where price wants to go. Setting all of
these stop losses right now because I just split my positions up. OK, where I take profit
for me is literally just going to be as simple as looking to target these five minute lows
right here. And then from there, we can go ahead and we have, like, all of these 30 minute
divergence so just taking profit underneath these lows would be a good starting point
and then from there we have equal lows right here that would be a great point to look to take
profit um nasdaq is moving off of that equilibrium which is great these are all hourly lows that we
kind of have stacked up here yeah other than that this looks pretty solid right now i would i would
like for price to come down and at least sweep out these hourly lows before wanting to come back
up and look to take out these highs but bare minimum we should be taking out these five
minute lows right here that's like bare bare bare minimum so we're getting a decent retrace right
now nasdaq didn't get anywhere close to those five minute lows it's also pretty late in the
day it's 10 20 eastern right now and we have a lot of money in the stock market right now
so if you were to take some dollars into upside analysis i don't think you would do that
again that would bring up a ton of money i think we totally do we definitely showed a lot of money
on the last but i just i really think we should be looking ahead to something that's going to
drive gain and just sort of build on what we can take we haven't really seen much of a move like
we had market open and then just give us that big leg up because we had that big we had that gap up
manipulation of these lows and then um moves up and reversals up again like i said it would make
sense for es to want to target these highs but again because we had that bearish smt i was at
least right now at least hoping that we would want to come down and at least take out these
five minute lows before wanting to go higher at least give us another some form of manipulation
because we didn't even get any pre-market manipulation on either of the indexes
neither of these indexes gave us any sort of manipulation during pre pre-market um to like fuel
for another bigger leg up we had market open and then we just moved immediately up um so yeah we'll
kind of have to
watch and wait we'll see if that this we'll see if this forms a one minute smt divergence or we
actually just yeah that's another one minute smt divergence from these highs down to these highs
from these eyes up to these highs um but again if that isn't the overall bias for the day then
price is just going to disregard that all right let's see what price does here
see if we that was like all the reversal that it wanted just taking out these lows
which would kind of suck because we were decently in profit
looks like we're gonna get spanked i'm not gonna lie we'll see though especially now that the smt is
invalidated how about this no more guys we'll see maybe this is the triple top needed nasdaq
we created a new high yes we made an equal high wow no freaking way imagine hello yeah you can let
them in let's see let's see let's see what happens i love you think we're smoked on this guys
we'll see though i mean we very well could hit like even though we have equal highs here
and relative equal highs up here like three high stacked up and that's a super strong draw on
liquidity that price is probably just going to want to go up and take out it's um you know we
could potentially go lower but uh
I'm not too optimistic about the direction of this, good boys.
Quadruple top?
Now we're definitely smoked.
Wow, still not stopped out yet.
Almost there, though.
Real fucking close to it.
Wow, imagine now one-minute bearish SMT on NASDAQ.
Imagine this is what starts it.
I kind of doubt it, though.
Wishful thinking, we'll see.
Low-key, though, it's nice, because the longer that we consolidate here, for me, means that the deeper that we could potentially go.
Because originally, I was just looking for whatever, move up, and then boom, a sweep, and then for us to carry this out.
But if we get moved down, and then chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, if the move is down, then I'm thinking we target these lows.
Wow, imagine this.
Literally.
Literally, look how close it...
Oh, jeez, turned off.
Look how close it was to my stop loss.
Jeez, bro, this is dumbass.
Uber eats Trevor.
He's pinging me.
So sick.
Also, guys, I took a trade on the 7th, three days ago.
So it was on Friday.
Yeah, I lost a trade on Friday.
I'll do the trade recap on that once this ends up playing out.
So this will be two trade recaps.
In one, but I lost a trade on Friday.
So I'm down this month, actually, by $150,000.
I did take a losing trade on Friday.
And I didn't post it on my Instagram story.
I'm going to post it today because we were doing that big event, and we wanted to, whatever, make sure that the Instagram story was just on that.
I know it sounds stupid, but from a social media perspective,
hopefully you guys don't.
I don't care too much if the trade that I took or the results of it gets posted three days later.
And it's a fucking loss anyways, you know.
And it was a pretty decently sized one.
I lost $150,000.
But most people, they would probably not tell anyone about it and just go about their day.
But a guy like me, if I show my daily, monthly, and weekly P&L,
and I'm like, I'm going to lose $150,000.
I'm going to lose $150,000.
I'm going to lose $150,000.
I'm going to lose $150,000.
I'm going to lose $150,000.
There's somehow a minus $150,000 missing from that or negative in there that you guys haven't seen before.
You're going to be like, what the fuck, dude?
This is taking forever.
Let's hurry this up.
Tomorrow's a bank holiday too, so price isn't going to move for shit tomorrow.
Just something to keep in mind.
Wow, bro, this is taking forever.
I might as well go and draft up what that other trade looked like.
I'm pretty sure I took it on NASDAQ.
I did.
So cool.
We'll leave this S&P 500 trade on here while I go and just show you guys what trade I took on NASDAQ last Friday.
So the trade that I took, it actually followed our strategy like 2AT.
But because of all the bearish news, I'm going to go and draft up what that other trade looked like.
The bearish news of just the shit going on ended up not being the best trade that we wanted to take.
So we had these 4-hour lows right here.
And then on ES, we had these same 4-hour lows right here.
Essentially, it was as simple as we had, boom, price comes down.
We get a high time frame liquidity sweep.
We have all of this low resistance.
Draws on liquidity.
I was really only just targeting these highs.
Like if we could just come up and take out these, this low resistance draw on liquidity, boom, I would have banked for the day.
That was the target just later in the day, unfortunately for me.
But price came down.
We sweep high time frame liquidity.
Awesome.
We get a high time frame break of structure.
Or sorry, a 5-minute break of structure to the upside.
And then from there.
We end up coming down, sweeping out these lows again.
And then on ES, we actually end up sweeping out these lows as well.
So ES was the same exact situation, except on ES, we were far lower than where we were on NASDAQ.
So these were the lows that we were looking at on NASDAQ.
And I'm pretty sure these were the lows that ES was underneath.
So NASDAQ was only underneath.
These lows and ES was underneath these lows.
So I saw that and I'm like, awesome.
High time frame SMG divergence from whatever the lows that I didn't mark out up to these lows here.
And on ES, it's from boom, the lows that I did mark out on ES down to the lows down there.
We get a 5-minute break of structure to the upside.
And I can't remember.
I took a screenshot of it or I screen recorded it.
But.
Let me just make.
Make sure that I know exactly what the trade was, so I don't be capping.
Where is it last Friday?
OK, so where the fuck is this?
Also, the trade that we're currently in is going in our direction.
Where is this video?
Here we go.
So when was this taken out?
1121.
Hold on.
Let me see the current trade.
Oh, nice.
Give me a moment.
Did we take out those lows?
No, not yet.
Equal lows on Nasdaq.
We're not even close to them.
I think that that's what's going to happen.
We're at equal lows right here.
We took them out.
So I'm going to go ahead and close partial positions here and then move.
Stop loss to break even on all of these other ones.
Awesome.
We're in profit for the day.
Sorry, I'm doing like two things at once.
Trying to explain to you guys the losing trade, trying to manage the winning trade.
OK.
So that puts me at.
Sorry, we'll go back to the last trade.
Damn, that's it.
And that I mean, OK, that sounds bad, but I was hoping that it would be more.
That makes me $30,000 on the day or $29,600 on the day on that winning trade.
Now we can go back.
I'll continue keeping my eye on this, but we can go back to this Nasdaq trade.
1020.
So, OK, yeah, I was right here.
So after seeing the break of structure, the upside, I was looking for equilibrium to get hit from these lows up to these highs.
But then, unfortunately, we end up coming down and we end up sweeping out these lows again.
But however, my bias was still intact because we were still sweeping out a high time from John liquidity while also making a bullish while also making a bullish divergence off of the high time frame liquidity.
Right.
Because Nasdaq was a lot higher than ES was.
And following that, what do we do?
We end up inversing this five minute gap.
So I'm like, OK, awesome.
We get a high time frame sweep.
We get a high time frame change in order flow.
Now I can do the exact same thing that I was doing before and I can just, boom, go ahead and look for equilibrium or a fair value gap.
And in this case, we had equilibrium boom price comes down, fills equilibrium.
We come down, we fill it and then boom, we get an inverse gap to the upside right here.
I entered long right here.
I think I have my stop loss like underneath here.
And I'm like, OK, I'm going to do this.
And I was just looking to target these highs just for like a simple one take profit.
And then boom, immediately got smoked, lost everything and lost one hundred fifty thousand dollars on Friday.
And that was the only trade that I took that week.
But in my opinion, it was it was a good trade and it was pretty I mean, obviously I lost the trade, but I can't complain because I executed my strategy the way that, you know, I would any other day.
And unfortunately, the fundamental news was just not in my favor.
And until Trump was able to, you know, come back and announce like, hey, you know, we're going to have a solution to the tariffs, we have stimulus checks coming through.
That's when the market started to rally, you know, versus prior to that, we were in like a super deep sell off.
There was a lot of fundamental news stacking up against us.
So now we can go ahead and look at the trade that I'm in right now.
I made thirty thousand dollars once this take profit got hit, stops are at break even right now.
I think I can actually because we were going sideways for such a decent amount of time, I wouldn't mind extending this.
Where's the four hour?
Yeah, I low key think just targeting these lows is perfect.
We can go ahead and set the some take profits right here at these market open lows right here and then just the rest of these.
Equal lows right here.
That's just a really simple and easy take profit point.
And also it helps that yes, is the leading index because we can see that Nasdaq isn't even close to these lows.
I think what's going to happen is yes, is going to come all the way down here, sweep out these lows.
Well, Nasdaq doesn't come close to these lows.
Nasdaq will probably only sweep out these lows and then that is what's going to kick start the next leg up to these highs that we are probably going to want to take out.
So with that being said.
Let me go ahead and set the take profits real quick.
All right, cool.
To be completely honest with you guys, I have a lot of other shit that I need to do today and I don't because it's like 1045 and the market typically moves pretty slow around this time.
You guys know my soft losses at break even made 30k on this.
So I'm going to go ahead and drop right here, I'll, I'll be able to make a total of every single take profit gets hit from here on out, I'll be able to make what is that 18,000 another 18,000 so that's 36,000 and then that's 22,000 so what that's 58,000 and then that's another 22,000.
So that's 80,000.
And then if this gets hit, and that'll be 101,000.
So if every single take profit gets hit, then I'll make an extra $101,000 on this on top of the already solidified $29,600 P&L that I already or profit that I already made.
So that would put me at around $130,000 win today.
If you guys can't tell I am sizing up for the.
Month of November so again that's why yesterday, or sorry Friday's loss was a little bit larger than normal.
I am sizing up, so expect larger swings both up and down.
But yeah, that's what you guys can expect all update you guys via Instagram stories, as this.
As this keeps going or I'll just wait until this, the rest of this trade plays out and then I'll show you guys the final results.
And then I'll show you guys the final results.
And then I'll show you guys the final results.
Finally as piano one my Instagram story.
But.
Yeah, we'll go ahead and get this uploaded to YouTube.
Love and appreciate you guys.
Bank holiday tomorrow.
So don't trade don't be stupid.
And then we'll get back at it like crap attic on Wednesday.


==============================
VIDEO 035 — Live Day Trading Making $16,320 (HOW TO GET SNIPER ENTRIES)--RAJEWMl-F0
==============================

Hello folks, in honor of me making $16,000 day trading the S&P 500 this morning and it
being Black History Month, I would like to start today's video off with a tribute.
All right, all right, all right. Everybody lock in, everybody lock in, everybody lock in,
everybody lock in, everybody lock in, everybody lock in, everybody lock in. Happy Black History
Month. I'm sorry that I didn't announce it sooner, but this is how I made $16,000 day trading the S&P
Ski. All right. Coming into today, we had a couple of things. We had a couple of
jokes. We had a couple of jokes. We had a couple of jokes. We had a couple of jokes. We had a
draws on the query. Okay. We had these London session highs. We, I marked out these just for
take profits, but we had these London session highs. We had London session lows, London session
lows, Asian session lows, along with Asian session highs all the way up here. A lot of people are
saying, how'd you find your buys for the day? This made no sense to me. It didn't make sense either,
but I still took the trade and I still won the trade. That's the end. No, no, I'm playing.
Okay. Look, a lot of people, like I started off the stream. This is the second time that this
has happened back to back. And it's just unfortunate that today, like my bias is
bearish. I wanted us to sweep out London session highs and then rotate on down to take out all of
these lows because I'm like, look, we have all of these London session lows down here or London
session lows and Asian session lows. And there's really not much for us to grab up here. And on
top of that, on the high timeframe, I was like, look, we filled in this, uh, new week,
opening gap. That's probably going to act as a, as an imbalance for us to want to retrace on down
and continue this downtrend that we're in. So at the start of the day, I was bearish, but then
once market opened and we broke five minutes structure to the upside, after getting this
hourly retrace to the downside, filling in this hourly breaker right here. Okay. We filled the
hourly breaker. If you want to consider this an order block, you,
like, maybe you could me personally, I don't consider those order blocks, but we came down,
we filled this hourly breaker. And then off of that hourly breaker, we broke five minutes
structure to the upside. Again, I've said this in multiple videos before my bias will, and has to
change based on five minute order flow. So if it, even if my bias is bearish, if we're a five
minute order flow, if five minute bullish order flow is getting respected to the upside,
consistently, that is undeniable reason for me to look for longs. Like I cannot go against what
five minute order flow is saying. Same thing here on NASDAQ. Like we see boom, right? When market
opens, we break five minutes structure. And from there it's like, okay, yes. Did I want shorts?
Yeah. Did we come up and did we sweep out these London session highs? Yes, we did. But did five
minute order flow give us any sort of reaction off of this? No, we didn't. Same thing here on ES.
When we came up and took out these London session highs,
did we get any reaction out of it? No, we didn't. So in turn, I'm going to look for longs. Okay. So
what caused me to look for longs today and why was I able to take longs right within here?
Well, it was pretty simple, actually. We had that one hour retrace into the hourly breaker
right here. Okay. Once we got into the hourly breaker, we got a five minute breaker structure.
From there, if we're in bullish five minute order flow, really all that I'm looking for,
after that, is just some sort of continuation confluence, whether that be a bullish for value
gap, whether that be equilibrium, whether that be a breaker block, whether that be an order block.
And we had multiple ones. We had this equilibrium that ended up getting hit on this black candle
to the downside right here. We also had this breaker block, boom, right here getting hit.
And then if you want to consider these two black candles order blocks, you can. I don't really
consider them order blocks, but we do have a lot of them. So we had a lot of them. So we had a lot of
them, but we do have this one minute order block right here, which ended up getting hit as well.
And then following that, okay, cool. We get a five minute breaker structure to the upside. We get a
five minute retrace. What am I looking for? Either a one minute inverse for value gap or
a one minute breaker structure to the upside. We get a one minute breaker structure to the upside
on this candlestick. Bet. I'm in. My stops are underneath these lows. My first take profit was
a pretty shit, shit risk to reward ratio, but I only took off a fourth or 25% of my position at
the end of the day, which was a one to 0.8 risk reward ratio. And then the rest of my take profits
were hit. And the final risk reward was a one to four risk reward ratio that ended up
helping me make a significant amount of money. So we hit first take profit, second take profit.
The second take profit was just based off of these equal highs right here. I could just see
it directly on the hourly timeframe. So I marked that out. This blue line right here was equilibrium.
From these highs down to these, sorry, not equilibrium. It was OTE from these highs
down to these lows, the 62% extension. And then final take profit was just the start of this
one hour fair value gap right here. And that was pretty much it. Following all of that, we hit
first take profit, second take profit, third take profit, four take profit. And I was able to hit
every single one of them. And then the final take profit was just the start of this one hour fair
This was pretty simple. If you guys were on the live stream where I stream
every single morning, showing you guys all these entries and all these exits, obviously I'm not
going to give you guys signals if that's what you guys are asking for, but I do show you guys every
single confluence that I'm looking at prior to taking a trade. And I live stream this every
single morning at 9 AM Eastern time. There's a link underneath there for you guys to follow me,
turn on notifications on kick. And also if you guys want to learn more about all these confluences and
learn my strategy and directly be my student and get mentored by me, you guys can apply to join the
mentorship. There's going to be a link in the description down there. Because I know my YouTube
videos are kind of scattered sometimes. And some of you guys may be watching these videos and you're
like, what the fuck, how was I supposed to take this trade? Well, I try and do the best that I can
on these YouTube videos, but if your brain is scattered, like all my YouTube videos are,
then it's going to be a little bit confusing for you.
Speaker 1
Speaker 2
Speaker 1
Speaker 1 There wasn't really much of a trade here for me
because on ES we actually got that five minute retrace into the breaker block, into equilibrium
and all of those five minute continuation confluences versus NASDAQ. Like we were already
above hourly or not hourly highs. Well, yes, hourly highs, but London session highs before
the macro. And that was also another reason why I wanted to go long on ES because we came up
and we made...
Speaker 1
equal highs on this candlestick right here and then we when we came up made equal highs and then
broke structure i was like okay this is literally free bread we have one equal high two equal high
now three equal highs and we just closed down here this is one trillion percent going to get taken
out not only is it a key level being london session highs but we have equal high equal high
and now equal high and we just close right here this is one billion percent going to come up and
get taken out so for me i was like okay bare minimum i get like a shitty risk reward but at
least i get some profit for the day and that's exactly what i got and bare minimum ended up
turning into max reward um because again i i stuck to five minute order flow if we see five
minute break structure and then maintain bullish order flow you can't go against that shit even if
our initial bias was like yeah we want to see a london session high get swept and then boom
rotation to the downside like
yeah we can say that's what we want but if price tells us something different we can't just get
married to our short bias i was telling this to my mentorship students a couple days ago where i
was saying yes a lot of times i'll come into the day saying i really want these london session lows
to get taken out or i really want these asian session lows to get taken out and guess what
the market doesn't care what we want the market's going to do what it wants to do regardless it's
up to us to react to the market we are making decisions based on what the market gives us
not based on what
we want as traders that's that's how you end up losing trades okay because if i say oh well we
just swept out these london session highs and at 8 30 when i got on the charts i really wanted us
to sweep out these london session highs then get a rotation to the downside to take out these
london session lows but we have to understand like okay the macro it like literally already
hit and we're still maintaining five minute bullish structure that bias is probably washed
by now if we were previously embarrassed structure and then by the time the macro hits
we've already reversed five minute structure what are the odds that we're going to come up
sweep out these highs and then get some sort of reversal to the downside for us to then come down
like there's just not enough time for that you guys have to understand how the market moves if
the market is in bearish structure and then right when market opens we break market structure to the
upside and then we get a we get a continuation confluence to maintain bullish market structure
to the upside literally confirming
relatively higher time frame order flow why the fuck would we we why the fuck would we be looking
for shorts when the macro hits the macro gets hit and boom we come up and we we end up taking out
london session highs like yeah obviously because we broke five minute structure and then we
maintain bullish structure as price was going through versus if if we had come up and taken
out these london session highs right when market opened that would be a different story if we came
up and we swept out these london session highs then started to break market structure to the
upside and we were like we had a like a potential setup to see bullish order flow get invalidated by
by the time that the macro is coming in coming in opening then cool yeah then i can look for shorts
but this was just too fucking obvious that price wanted to go higher so a lot of you guys need to
take that into account when you guys are looking to place trades and when you guys are formulating
your buys again i've said this multiple times in multiple trade recaps you guys need to you guys
need to stop marrying marrying your bias okay if you guys can stop marrying your bias then and if
you guys just react based off of what the market gives you you guys will be much better off and
you guys will be able to start taking better trades and you guys will be able to start taking
more trades um and just win a lot more by just going purely based off of what the market gives
you instead of what you want to happen so with that being said hopefully you guys learned one
thing or two i appreciate you guys i'll catch you guys in the next one peace out
you


==============================
VIDEO 036 — Live Day Trading Making $16,844 (I PAYED MY MORTGAGE WITH TODAY'S TRADE)-Ut1e546gVBw
==============================

All righty, guys. This is how I made $16,000 day trading the S&P 500 this morning. So today was
actually against my bias, but I was able to reevaluate my bias and take this winning
trade that actually ended up being super good. So the first thing that I wanted to
note was that we had this big ass new week opening gap that hadn't been filled on NASDAQ,
and we were waiting to get filled on NASDAQ literally all the way up until today, and today
is obviously the last day of the week, and we finally ended up filling that. So I had a bullish
bias on NASDAQ. What I wanted though, and this is kind of where my bias got flipped a little bit,
or not flipped, but messed up a little bit. I wanted these London session lows to get taken out,
and something that I didn't notice was that we had these hourly lows right here that already
got swept and then caused that upward movement on both the S&P and on NASDAQ. So the entire
time we were waiting to get filled on NASDAQ, and we were waiting to get filled on NASDAQ,
I was like, man, I want these London session lows or even these hourly lows down here.
And I was super set on, I want London session lows to get taken out before we can go up and
start looking for any of these draws on liquidity or even this hourly order block up here, which was
my final take profit. But we didn't end up getting that. And when market opened, we can
see during pre-market, we already broke five minute structure after taking out those hourly
lows. And then following that, we literally just maintained five minute order flow throughout all
of this. Order flow is probably like, fuck it. I'll make a YouTube video on order flow or fuck it.
I'll make a YouTube video on how I've been trading recently, even though it's the same exact strategy
with just some adjustments. But order flow is literally everything. If you can look at the five
minute and understand its order flow and what's being respected versus disrespected, then you know
where the market's going to go, especially when you pair it with liquidity sweeps. So we see
liquidity sweep, then cool. We get boom, bearish order flow gets broken. We start
creating bullish order flow. We come down into this breaker block. We respect it. And then boom,
this is when market, this is actually 35 or come on, man. This is five minutes into market open
and we break five minute, five minute structure to the upside. And then we maintain five minute
bullish order flow by closing this candle to the upside. And then from there, it's like, okay,
we retrace down, we fill in, we fill in this five minute. I mean, I don't know what you want
to call this. You can call it, call this supply and demand, whatever, like this down can,
it'll whatever. But regardless, it comes through, it hits equilibrium on the five minute.
Okay. We come and hit equilibrium. And then from there, I'm looking for one minute entries and
where was my one minute entry? It was off of this inverse for value gap. Like it's so easy.
It's so easy, bro. Oh, so easy. Liquidity sweep five minute break of structure,
five minute order flow gets maintained.
And if we're in, and if we're maintaining five minute bullish order flow, you, do you really
think we're going to break five minute structure, maintain five minute order flow, and then come
down and then start creating bullish order flow on the one minute again, just for us to reverse
down? Fuck no. Especially when we have these London session highs, especially when we have
these hourly highs. And this was a little bit ambitious, but I still held a full take profit.
This was an hourly order block. But do you really think that we're going to come down,
sweep out a draw on liquidity?
Break five minute structure, maintain five minute bullish order flow, respect five minute
bullish order flow. And then by the time that we come down here and then inverse this one minute
fair value gap, like what in, on what earth is this going to be a bearish scenario?
It's not, it's not at all. We end up boom, inversing this gap. Awesome. Boom. I entered
off that. I put my stops underneath, bro. This shit is so clean. I put my stops underneath this
fair value gap. Cause this is really the only, um,
this is really the only confluence that, uh, we had that was like
protecting the one minute bullish order flow that we ended up forming after sweeping out these lows
and then getting that inverse fair value gap. So I just put it underneath this gap. We come down,
we respect this gap and you could have entered off of this. If you wanted like some extra sanity
or some extra clarity, I was going to take profit off of these London session highs,
but I decided not to and decided to move my take profit up to these hourly highs, just because I
saw the way that I was doing it. I was like, Oh, I'm going to take profit off of these hourly highs.
that NASDAQ was moving and NASDAQ was ripping. And I was like, okay, NASDAQ is probably going
to want to fill in this, uh, this gap from, from the week, from the week prior or from the start
of this week. And if NASDAQ wants to go fill that gap, then that means ES is probably going to come
up and take out these highs, fill in this one, one hour gap, and then potentially even come through
and hit this order block. So I was kind of thinking like, okay, the high timeframe we're
remaining in a, in a bullet in bullish structure, we're maintaining bullish order flow. We just
swept out these hourly lows. Do I really think we're going to sweep out these hourly lows,
then come up, sweep out these hourly highs and then rotate back down? Like, fuck no,
it's just not going to happen. So we see the sweep of this. We take out these highs. I don't
really care about it. I'm focusing on these hourly highs next. And then I mark out this hourly order
block. Pretty obvious that this is the order block. Um, and that wrapped it up for my trade.
It was super easy, super simple. Um, and again, this is something that I was telling you guys in
the last trade recap video where you have to be adaptable, adaptable to your bias. Did I want
London session?
Lows to get swept out for me to be able to take longs. Yes, I did. Did they get swept out? No. But
what did we have? We had an hourly low that got swept out. And then following that, like we have
to be able to be looking at order flow and look at what price gives us to be able to make a sound
decision. So like if price comes down and sweeps out these hourly lows, and then like too bad,
so sad that we don't sweep out these London session lows that I really wanted to be swept
out. If price gives us a reason to go long, you better fucking go long.
If price is giving you reasoning to go short, you better press the short button. Not, not just like
because, Oh, I'm so mad because I wanted this low to get hit and not this one. It doesn't matter what
you wanted. Okay. So let's look at NASDAQ. Now NASDAQ didn't provide me with an entry because it
just moved way quicker, but it was the same situation. We had these hourly lows. We come
down, we sweep them out. We get a five minute break of structure right here. And then boom,
we maintain five minute order flow. That's the biggest thing. We come down, we sweep out a low,
and then we break five minute structure to the upside. And then following that,
the most important thing is that we maintain and get that continuation of five minute order flow
after the break of structure. So we get that break of structure. And then after that, boom,
we come down, we come into this order block. We come into this break of block.
We hit equilibrium. And then what do we get? Boom, following candle up from there. And then
after that, like, boom, we had already taken out these London session highs. Awesome. Where's our
next target? And where's the most obvious target that we wanted for NASDAQ in the first place?
New week opening gap. And then boom, price just bull run straight to that. And that's what helped
me for my bias for this S&P 500 trade, because the S&P 500 was lagging behind NASDAQ. NASDAQ was
like already all the way the fuck up here. Like by the time I was taking that trade on ES, I took
that trade on ES right around like 950. So when NASDAQ hit 950, it had literally already pushed
so far past London session highs. Versus on ES, we didn't even come up to London session highs.
So yeah, today was beautiful. I looked at yesterday's price action. Yesterday's price
action was beautiful as well. Fuck it. I might as well go over that with you guys too,
because I know a lot of people were saying that they wanted me to go over that. So we can go over
yesterday's price action. Yesterday's price action was really good. We're doing extra work for you
guys here. So we have, it's so cool to see like, um, people's progression and trading or at,
no, you know, what's cool to me, seeing retail traders progress so much further now with the
mentors that we have in the space, or maybe it's just because I'm way deeper in the day trading
space now than I was when I was a student. But I genuinely feel like the students in day trading
now are high key in a much better spot than they were when I was learning how to trade.
That's how I feel about all this. And it makes me feel good because I'm one of those people that
was able to...
Like help this shit go and move.
All right. Lit, lit, lit, lit, lit, lit. This is pretty much all we need. Okay. So this one was
another pretty easy one. Okay. We have London session highs, London session lows,
Asian session lows. London had already taken out these highs right when New York market opens,
we manipulate up, we sweep out London session highs. Then what do we get? Our first
invalidation of bearish order flow, which is this inverse fair value gap. From there,
what am I looking for? I'm looking for some sort of continuation. So what are our continuation
confluences? Well, we have a fair value gap right here. This gets filled. Okay. From there,
I would be looking to scale into the one minute timeframe. Okay. We get this filled. And then
when do we finally get an invalidation? It would literally be just on this inverse for value gap
right here. Boom. It's like...
Baby food. Oops. That's a lot. Honestly, I would keep my stop loss above this five minute fair
value gap just because we get a decent enough take profit towards these London session lows to
give this trade some room to wiggle. And then yeah, one take profit, two take profit. There
weren't any other high timeframe lows that we could have targeted. This is like, bro, this is
free. Free bread. And you probably could have gotten a much...
Better risk reward ratio if you wanted to play it a little bit more risky and say that, okay,
once we got this filled and got this inverse fair value gap, then boom, you can enter off that.
I probably would have played it a little bit more safe than toss it above that five minute
fair value gap. Now let's talk about Thrax pack. Again. Okay. Before we go, let me show you guys
liquidity sweep. We're looking for... Following the liquidity sweep, we're looking for a change
in bullish order flow because we just swept liquidity to the upside. How do we see a change
in bullish order flow?
By either a break of structure or an inverse fair value gap. We get an inverse fair value gap.
Following that, what are we looking for? We're looking for a continuation confluence
showing bullish order flow get respected. What do we have? We have a fair value gap. It gets
filled. We scale down to the one minute timeframe. And then all that I'm looking for is either a
break of structure or an inverse fair value gap on the one minute. And then boom, price just
rotates down from there. Literally free bands every day. It's free bands. It's free fucking
bands, bro.
Okay. Let's go look at Thrax pack. Same exact situation. Yes, probably would have been my
preferred trade for the day, but same situation. London session highs. Do you see it? Do you see
it? London session highs. Let's find these Asian persuasion lows. Okay. Same situation. Market
opens. We come up. We sweep out one of our key levels, our draw on liquidity. From there,
what do we get? Inverse fair value gap. From there, what are we looking for? Some sort of
continuation. We have this breaker block right here. We have this order block right here. We
also have a fair value gap right here. Okay. Price comes into the fair value gap. Price comes
into the breaker block. Scale down. See, for me, I probably wouldn't have wanted to take these
shorts on NASDAQ though, because we had already taken out these London session lows. But still,
we come down. We fill the breaker.
Fill the fair value gap. We actually maintain Barrett. Oh, wait. No, no, no. Sorry. We broke
structure to the upside right here. I would need to be looking for either a one-minute
breaker structure to the downside or a one-minute inverse fair value gap. Something, a little pro
tip for you guys. If we have, because we have this bullish fair value gap, you're probably
saying, oh yeah, we inverse this gap. That's not enough for me. If we have bullish fair value gap,
bullish fair value gap, I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to be able to do that. If you want to see the second,
like the last one on the stack of fair value gaps, get invalidated. So yeah, we invalidated
on this candle right here. We don't have a fair value gap right here. So yeah, you're either
entering off of this candle right here, off that invalidation. Maybe you throw your stops above
there. One and only take profit right here. Free bands. Or you take it on the breaker structure
from right here. Stop loss. You know, maybe you toss it up here. Same situation. Free bands.
1 to 1.5.
five risk reward ratio. One, two, pretty much two risk reward ratio. Yes. One to 2.78 risk reward
ratio. Oh, plain and simple. This shit happens damn near every single day. And the days that
it doesn't happen, you don't trade. The days that you happen, you place the fucking trade and you
make some fucking money. All right, bros. Hopefully you guys learned from this. I appreciate
you guys. If you guys want to see me mark the shit up live, I do this every single morning at
9 a.m. Eastern time in on kick. I'm literally the biggest freaking trading streamer there is on that
shit. So go follow and turn notifications on every single morning, 9 a.m. Eastern time. And if you
guys want to get mentored by me, learn more about these confluences, learn more about how I do all
of this shit and actually get taught by me, coached by me, um, for a really long time, there's going
to be a link in the description for that as well. I love you guys. I'll catch you guys in the next
one. Peace out.


==============================
VIDEO 037 — Live Day Trading Making $19,805 (TRADING IS GETTING TOO EASY)-VRGing9SiA8
==============================

Yo, what's good guys? This is how I made $19,000 day trading NASDAQ and day trading the S&P 500
this morning. I could have made way more. I got a little bit greedy today. Okay. I got a little
bit greedy. I made like 34K on this chop block and then I ended up giving a decent amount of
money back here. But hey, at least I didn't end in like a mega loss for the week. At least I was
able to make some money today, which is a big W. So we're chopping down those losses. And like I
said, I mean, obviously you guys see how much money that I made. We are increasing the freaking
lot size. Okay. So we made, I mean, let me add it up again. I'm pretty sure it was right around 34K
10,000 plus 14,000. That's 24,000 plus another 10,000. Yeah. So $34,000 on this short.
So I know a lot of people are going to be like gambler,
gambler.
Hear me out. NASDAQ. I was bullish for the day. Okay. Up until these key levels up here,
we had London session high. We had relative equal highs here on ES. This was a, I believe
a PPI news data highs. So these were data highs. And then these were previous day highs.
So I marked out all of those. As we know, data highs are super high drop or super
strong draw on liquidity. So we know, we see, we understand that. Okay. We come up,
we take a London session high and I'm like, fuck man, we got to get a retrace. We get a mini
retrace here. And then boom, we go up and we take out these highs. And I'm like, shit,
there goes my bias for the day. But then out of freaking nowhere, we get this mystical,
magical, really awesome opportunity that I have. This is a little bit different than a typical TJR
trade trade.
But I was willing to take it because it was super short term. We had news coming out in like five
minutes after this. And I knew that I would be able to get in and get the fuck out. So we come
up, sweep out these highs. We get an inverse on the one minute, and then we make a one minute SMT.
So I see that I see an inverse on the one minute and a one minute SMT. I instantly say, I know for
a fact, we're taking, taking out these lows. I know for a fact that we're taking out these lows
and we're retracing on the five minute.
Instantly. You're probably saying, well, well, how did you know that? Well, if we break structure
or get an inverse for value gap on the one minute, more often than not, what is that? It's a five
minute retrace. So I know, okay, the one minute gives me an inverse for value gap. We have a
whole, we are sorry, two low resistance draws on liquidity. And this is perfect area for a five
minute retrace. So I enter literally right after this SMT stops above this high. So super tight,
tight stop loss. And I know that news comes out at 10.
So right here, this candle is when news came out. And I know that news was going to be high
impact. Okay. Go moon right here. Inflation expectations, macro impact, very high volatility,
very high risk level, very high popularity, high, like everything is high on this news event.
So you're probably saying, well, why the fuck did you trade before news? Because I knew
that if I entered off this SMT worst case scenario, I take a small ish loss. Okay.
Again, I made $34,000 on this. I was risking a little bit like it was higher risk than like a
$5,000, $5,000, but it was, and it was less than $45,000. Like I did a couple of days ago. Okay.
But it was still, it was like lower risk on my high risk end of things. Okay. I entered right
here, stops above here. And I knew that news came out at 10 and I was assuming that these
lows would get taken out before then they did get taken out before then I took partial profits.
I moved my stop.
Lost a break even. And then boom, price came all the way down, sweeping out these pre-market lows.
I took again, more partial profits right here. And then one price left this big ass wick. I
exited completely right here. So that is what helped me make $34,000 on NASDAQ. This is where
I fucked up. Uh, I would like to say the most, I'm not taking another trade. I was just looking.
I'm addicted to this shit, right? I'm addicted. I'm addicted. But anyways, oh yeah. I forgot to
say this. This was the SMT. So high right here, higher, high on ES high right here, lower high on
NASDAQ. Okay. This was the dumb trade that I took on the S and P 500. Um, this was honestly
pretty impulsive and it was because I, I coming into the day, we had a high timeframe SMT
divergence. Boom. NASDAQ making higher lows. Yes. Making lower lows.
Okay. Yes. Was the lagging index. And for this four hour SMT divergence in my eyes to be complete,
I think we need to take out all of this low resistance liquidity, maybe even all the way
up here, maybe even all the way up here to these, I believe this was CPI news data highs
because these are data highs. We know that data highs are a super strong draw on liquidity.
So I see this four hour SMT divergence and I'm thinking,
okay, I want not only these highs, which are our lower time, still high timeframe,
but relatively lower timeframe highs. I want these highs right here. I want these highs right here.
I want these highs right here, these highs and data highs. And then I'll consider this four hour
SMT divergence complete because again, like, yes, we've made a move up, but this is a four
hour SMT just like with our one hour or with our one minute SMT that I took the trade on NASDAQ
today.
I want low resistance liquidity to get taken out. It's the same thought process just on a higher
timeframe. Prices fractal, all of the confluence that confluences that I teach happen on literally
every single timeframe. Okay. So with that in mind, I saw this sweep of liquidity right here,
and we actually still have some potential to make this happen. I think I just entered
prematurely, but this sweep on liquidity is essentially just an hourly retrace, not only
into this order.
Block, not only into this breaker block right here, but also into one hour equilibrium. And
we're in an uptrend on the one hour, the four hour, again, we have this SMT divergence. So I
was thinking, okay, awesome. We're going to come up and take out all of these highs. Obviously I
was incorrect. The price doesn't just move in V's and that's where I fucked up on. I entered off
of this inverse for rally gap on the one minute, because I thought the volume would just like,
boom, instantly continue. This would be an instant sweep and then just straight up rally.
That is not the case. That is not what ended up happening. And I got stopped out.
I think I lost, let me see. I lost $15,000 on this. So ending the day with $19,000 in profit,
you know, nothing to complain about really. The only thing was just, it was a little bit too
antsy on this again, going back. I was just a little bit too married to that bias of wanting
to take out these highs. I do think, I do think that we,
actually will complete this. I think it's just going to take some time. I think we need
this hourly candle to close bearish. So we need like another 23 minutes from there. And then
we're going to need to see some more confluence from the five minute. Um, but at that point,
like I'm said and done, I'm going to get my haircut. I'm going to the gym. I'm getting the
rest of my day done because I already made my fucking money for the day. I made $19,000 huge
W, um, really, really super solid, uh, to see anyways. Um, with that being said, I mean,
this was the Friday re recap, a whole bunch of other traders, uh, from the blueprint were able
to fucking crush it. Let me, let me pull this up for you guys, just so you can see what they got
going on. Let me see if I can pull this shit up for you guys. So this guy, this guy has actually
been super fucking consistent. Congratulations, justice. Um, you fucking crushed this shit, bro.
Wow.
That is crazy, bro. Look at this. This is three months ago. He commented this on a YouTube video
at 19 years old. This is the first thing I have ever truly committed to. Wow, bro. This is making
me sad. What the fuck I've ever truly committed to and dedicated myself to by the end of 2025
or the beginning of 2026, I'll be profitable. That's crazy. The crazy thing is he wanted it
to be at the end of 2025 and he already passed his funded account and he just joined the
fucking blueprint, bro. That's crazy. Either wrapping up my funded account journey or already
receiving payouts and transitioning to a live account on my own account. I can't wait to look
back on this moment to my future self. Thank you for putting in countless hours, staying
disciplined and transforming our lives forever. And he just passed his funded account. He posted
this three months ago, probably on, on probably the first day of 2025, three months later, bro,
passed his funded account, turned 19 in September and decided I needed to change my life for the
better. Started learning how to trade and finish the bootcamp in December. Just three months later,
I passed my first funded account. This is just the beginning. Wow. Beautiful. This trader, again,
this was yesterday, $15,000 payout. He had a $10,000 payout earlier this week. Now he's at
$15,000. This guy, boom, just passed his funded account. Two months of profitability. Freaking
awesome, bro. 17 years old.
And he already passed his third funded account. And it's his first month in the blueprint
before I struggled extremely past one account. Now it's running perfectly.
Hey, bro. Proof is in the freaking pudding. Hey, this guy caught the same short,
man, huge freaking W's. And look at that price is actually deciding to, uh, rip right on back up.
I would not be surprised if price wants to go and, uh, go ahead and take out these highs,
but I'm not tripping about that. Um, you know, I already made my money for the day. There's no
reason for me to chase.
You know what? I might chase something and I could gamble. You know, I've been gambling a lot
recently. We could place a trade right the freak now. And honestly, it'll, it'll, it would probably
hit take profit, but I'm not going to do that. I already made $19,000 today. If it does go up
here and hit this, then amen. Just know I'm a good ass mentor. I appreciate you guys for watching
this. I appreciate all of my blueprint students. If you guys want to be coached by me and want to
become my student, there's going to be a lot of people that are going to be watching this.
There's going to be a lot of people that are going to be watching this. There's going to be a lot
of people that are going to be watching this. There's going to be a link in the description
where you guys can get coached by me, get on a call with me, myself, and other profitable coaches
where you guys can literally get on a phone call with us every single day to go over your
specific mistakes. When I do these trade recaps, I'm just telling you guys, my thought process
is when I'm getting into a trade. When I make YouTube videos for you guys, I'm just giving you
guys my overall feeling of what I think you guys are struggling with as unprofitable traders. But
the thing that I'm able to give you guys within the blueprint is actual direct coaching,
because you guys, that's something that's impossible. You'll never be able to find this
anywhere because you can't get it on a YouTube channel. You can't get it from anywhere else
because you guys are actually having very specific problems to your own trading. And that's what our
goal is to solve within the blueprint. And as you guys can see, people are fucking crushing it
within the program. And I'm posting literally, bro, literally yesterday, we passed 11 funded
accounts in one day, which is absolutely berserk. Again, here, I can literally, I can go ahead and
scroll through this from yesterday. Here you go. Boom. Funded trader, funded trader, funded trader,
funded trader, 10K week payout, funded trader, funded trader, funded trader. These are still
from yesterday. Funded trader, funded trader, funded trader, funded trader, funded trader,
funded trader, funded trader, funded trader, all from the same fucking day, bro. All from the same
fucking day. And then this goes into the next day. Boom. Two funded accounts passed. Look, man.
I usually don't talk about this on YouTube videos or on trade recaps, but I truly believe
that what I'm able to do for my students is life-changing and I want every single person
to have that opportunity.
So again, if you guys want to become one of my students, there's going to be a link in
the description.
I love and appreciate you guys.
Have a great weekend.
Cardi dropped today.
W's in the freaking chat.
Peace out, bros.


==============================
VIDEO 038 — Live Day Trading Making $21,415 (I FULLPORTED MY ACCOUNT FOR THIS)-xE6m4UvuT5s
==============================

Hello, boys and girls. This is how I made $21,000 day trading NASDAQ this morning.
Bit of a little over leverage for me today. I'm not going to lie. I traded with a little bit
higher contract size than I should have on this, but ended up winning the trade. So
no harm, no foul, right? You know what I'm saying? But let's go over the daily bias. Per usual,
I traded this live on kick with you guys. So I go live every single morning at 9 a.m. Eastern time
on kick. There'll be a little link down in the description so you guys can follow me,
turn on notifications to watch me go live and talk through all of these confluences.
All right. So with that being said, let's go through my daily bias for the day.
So coming into the day, I was obviously going to be bearish. And you're saying,
why obviously were you going to be bearish? Because
coming into New York session, we had these London lows and we had these Asian session lows. Those
for me were my obvious draws on liquidity. After manipulating to the upside during pre-market,
it was just those draws on liquidity were pretty obvious for me, especially after having this huge
up leg. We were super overextended. We definitely needed to see some sort of a retrace.
And we ended up actually getting that relatively quick. And that's what I ended up
trying to do. So I'm going to go ahead and show you guys a little bit of my daily bias.
Unfortunately, I wasn't able to catch the majority of the move. I'm pretty sure I would
have made far more money if I was able to catch the majority of the move. But the lessons that
I learned from last trade recap, I applied to this one and I'm not going to break my rules
two trading days in a row. I didn't trade yesterday because there was CPI news data.
We did have unemployment claims today, but it didn't affect the market at all, as you can see.
And those came out at 8.30 a.m. Eastern time. So again, an hour before market,
I wasn't too worried about it. So again, on ES, it was a similar situation. We had these London
session lows and then these Asian session lows for my draws on liquidity. Now, if we go into
market open, we can actually break down how this looks. So the first thing was on NASDAQ was that
right when market opened, I wanted these London session lows and I wanted these Asian session
lows. We immediately break structure right when the market opens. For me, I was not fucking with
that at all. And on top of that, on the other hand, I was not fucking with that at all. And
this candlestick, we ended up taking out London session lows. So I was panicking a bit
because this was one of my take profits. But luckily, we still had this draw on liquidity
down here. And as we can see, once we hit this draw on liquidity, we've since then been going
sideways. But market comes down, we break five-minute structure, we break five-minute
bullish order flow. Now, I'm going to be looking for five-minute bearish order flow continuation.
How can we see that? Via this five-minute order block, via this five-minute fair value gap,
via five-minute equilibrium, okay, this breaker block, literally every single one of our five-minute
confluences to show continuation got hit. From there, I would have wanted to scale down into
the one-minute timeframe. And I probably would have executed once we invalidated this one-minute
gap, which was on this candlestick. And on stream, you guys know I was screaming because
I was really pissed off that we ended up invalidating this gap before the macro, okay?
I don't really like to trade until the macro gets hit. And I've learned my lesson on this before
to not trade until the macro gets hit. So I waited until the macro got hit. And again,
this would have given me a far better risk-reward. Again, if I entered off of this with stops,
I would probably have to put these relatively high. I would probably just put it over this
breaker right here. And then take profit at these
eights.
Asian session lows would have given me a slightly better risk-reward. But because it wasn't during
the macro, I had to sit back and wait. Because we made a five-minute extension down, I was waiting
for another five-minute retrace. So again, this was the five-minute extension down. We didn't hit
Asian session lows. And then boom, the macro opened. This was a bit of a tricky trade because
we didn't have any fair value gaps. We didn't have an order block or a breaker block. But
this is something that I haven't talked about.
On YouTube, it's essentially like when this is some free game. When we're in an uptrend
and we make retraces, these retraces can, again, some people call it supply and demand. Some people
call it an order block. I don't really consider these order blocks. But what is true about these
is I kind of call these like accumulation zones. Again, you can call it whatever it is.
I very rarely, if not ever, use these. But this was really the only confluence that I had to take
short down to what my draw on liquidity was. So keep in mind, I wouldn't have forced this trade
if there wasn't, or forced this trade, if there wasn't an obvious draw on liquidity that I knew
we needed to take out. I wouldn't have just gone in and entered off of a confluence that I
rarely take trades off of. But essentially, in an uptrend, every single move down is a accumulation
range. And it can be used as, again, some people call this supply and demand, whatever. And then
the same thing in a downtrend, which is what we were in when taking this trade, every single move
up is essentially an accumulation range. I use this a lot in crypto. If you guys have seen me
talk about crypto on stream.
But I very rarely use this on indexes, but it's the same thing applies. Pretty much every single
move up is an accumulation prior to the distribution to the downside. So that was really the only
confluence that I had to look for on the five minute, because if we go back to the five minute
timeframe. So again, that was just to give you context on what confluence I saw for the five
minute continuation. So again, this looks super messy, but on the five minute timeframe, we already
pushed down and took out these
lows. So we're continuing that downtrend. We haven't taken out Asian session lows yet. And we
see the retrace. What do we retrace up into this five minute up candle right here? Again, you can
call it accumulation, whatever you want. Let me get rid of these lines. So it looks a little bit
clearer. Again, it's super messy right now, but we already talked about that. So this is our
accumulation candle. We see price push into the accumulation candle. There was no equilibrium
that was hit. Order blocks and breaker blocks are already up here.
Those already got hit. And there was really no fair value gaps. And then from there, again,
this still looks super duper messy, but these blue lines, I marked out both of the accumulations.
So we have this one minute accumulation candle. I just marked it with this blue
line right here. And then this was the start of the five minute accumulation. Both of them ended
up getting hit. And then from there, I was just looking for bullish order flow to be invalidated.
So whether that was a one,
minute inverse fair value gap, which is what I actually took this trade off of, or a one minute
break of structure, that's what I would have been looking for. And we made this bullish fair
value gap that I was looking to get inversed. And again, if we move this over and zoom in
deeply, I marked out this one minute break of structure because I was talking about on stream
how since we broke one minute structure to the upside, I need to see one minute bullish order
flow because now we're in an uptrend. I'm going
to want to see a one minute downtrend form, or at least a break of one minute structure.
And we can see that via either a break of structure or an inverse fair value gap.
So I was watching this inverse fair value gap because these lows were just really low
at the time for a break of structure. So we have this fair value gap to potentially get inverse.
And if you look super closely, this candle ended up inversing this gap right here. So I went ahead
and took that trade with my stops above these highs right here. And then take profit was,
that bias of those Asian session lows, that draw on liquidity that hadn't been taken out yet,
that I was very, very confident would get taken out today. So again, there was a couple things.
Really the main thing was just talking about that accumulation candle. I very rarely use that.
More often than not, I'm going to be looking for, and more often than not, I'm able to take
this trade. But because this trade was before the macro, I had to improvise and I ended up taking
this one minute candle and this five minute candle down to these lows after we saw one minute
confirmation. So yeah, that explains the trade recap. And on top of that, if you guys haven't
been tuning into the streams, do it. And please start tuning in tomorrow because trade wars has
officially been announced. This is what our bracket is looking like for trade wars. So
if you guys are on stream, you guys know what this is. I'm going to break it down for you guys
super simply.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
yeah, on top of that, every single trader starts off with a $1,000 demo account on TradingView
that I will be actively tracking during that hour. The hour starts at New York Market Open at 9.30
and they have one whole hour. So from 9.30 a.m. Eastern time to 10.30 a.m. Eastern time to take
five trades on top of that, of those five trades, each one of them has to have a minimum risk of
$100 per trade and whichever trader comes out with more profit or less of a loss than the other
trader, they will advance to the next round. So these are our participants for this round of
trade wars. We have 4KTrey. Again, if you guys know who 4KTrey is, he's been pretty active in
the streams. He's my dog, previous mastermind student. He's going up against Nate. Then we
have Ian going up against Brett. We have Simon going up against Warris. We have Raphael going
up against, I don't know what this name is.
Vahoulin. Then we have Nathan going up against Spencer. Then we have Moritz going up against,
again, this one's going to be a hard one. Jetsuapain. And then we have Diego going up
against Mohamed. Then Joel going up against Dennis. All right. And then this is going to
be the bracket. Whoever wins this is going to go here. Whoever wins this is going to go here
and so forth all the way to the championship. And the trader that wins the championship
gets $5,000 from me. And then we'll rinse and repeat.
If you guys wanted a chance to be able to join this, you guys should have been watching the
streams because that's where I send out the application. So if you guys want the chance
to join the next Trade Wars, first of all, tune into these so you guys can see how the rules work,
see how it goes. I'll be making a full YouTube video on it. It'll be super fun,
super entertaining, and we're going to be documenting all of it on stream every single
morning. So tomorrow is going to be when we get introduced to all of the traders. We're going to
be talking to them. We're going to be doing trader interviews with all 16 of them.
And then we'll also be doing trader face-offs. So 4KTrey will be able to talk his shit to Nate.
Ian will be able to talk his shit to Brett. Muhammad will be able to bomb Diego. You know,
it'll be, it'll be vibes. Okay. So with that being said, Trade Wars, we're getting into it
starting tomorrow on stream at 9 a.m. Eastern time. I love and appreciate you guys. Peace out.


==============================
VIDEO 039 — Live Day Trading Making $25,198 (MY NEW STRATEGY)-ojAgfBBJ-uU
==============================

Made 25 bands sorry, okay, whoo lock in 25 bandos. Hey jump out the bando
Jumped out the bando when I was a little ass jit
Before I jumped off that dick, okay
Let's lock in everybody. Take a breather three two one deep breath deep breath. We got to take a breather so
pay attention
today the bias
Initially, I wanted a bullish bias. Why?
London session highs Asian session highs relative equal highs low-key
Super strong draw on liquidity, right?
right coming into the stream pop pause
but
For real though coming onto the stream and coming into pre-market. I saw this and I was like bet
This is my draw on liquidity for the day. This is my obvious target
However, what I failed to consider
And what I failed to think about
Was that the market doesn't give a shit about my bias and we have to adapt react readapt and act
Based on whatever the market gives us and what did the market give us right when market opened a fucking SMT ski
Okay, so when that happens am I marrying my bias of wanting to go long to take out these highs? No, I'm saying
Hey market
Thank you for telling me not to go long today and not for being a retard
And thank you for telling me literally exactly what you're going to do because now I'm going to play you like a fucking flute
Okay
So why did my bias change from bullish to bearish? Well, it's fucking obvious
there was a
bearish SM fucking T
We see the bearish SMT right as market opens
Yes makes a lower high
Nasdaq Nasdaq
Smoking on chair fucking ass crack makes a higher high
Following that what am I looking for? I'm like, okay, what is five minute order flow currently? Awesome. It's bearish
How do we know that? Well?
It's right here
We broke five minute structure on this candlestick down we maintain five minute bearish structure while forming an SMT boom five minute break of structure
followed by five minute confluence
What's next?
Like literally, what's next? You just wait for a one minute breaker structure or a one minute inverse of the rally gap
We got the one minute inverse on this candle closure. I entered a little bit late on this. I entered a perfect time on my live
This is on the funded
And another reason for why I thought it
scouted
Another reason for why price is going to go down
not only did we make a lot of money just for doing good play down the risk on this candle on here right now there was always process like if we are facing society what's going to happen. 일
Not only did we make a five-minute SMT,
not only did we break five-minute order flow,
not only did we maintain five-minute order flow
after this mini move up,
and not only did we get a one-minute inverse fair value gap,
if that wasn't enough, obvious reasons,
we had relative equal lows right here.
I know these are one-minute lows.
However, relative equal lows are relative equal lows,
especially when we're forming a five-minute bearish SMT,
especially when we're already in bearish order flow,
especially when we just get a freaking inverse fair value gap,
especially right when we enter into the macro.
These lows were obvious draws on liquidity for the day.
Now, did I take profit here?
No, my first take profit was all the way the fuck over here.
It was hourly lows,
or actually it was four-hour lows right here.
And then following that,
I had a whole bunch of other draws on liquidity.
It was pretty much just all of this low resistance liquidity.
We had hourly lows right here,
four-hour lows, four-hour lows,
four-hour lows.
Or actually, these were hourly lows.
But pretty much all of this is just low, low, low, low, low, low,
boom, boom, all of this, low resistance liquidity.
Now, if I wanted to, I could have held to full take profit.
However, both on my live and the funded,
first of all, the funded had some bullshit-ass rule.
I guess I didn't pass the funded yesterday.
I thought I did because I hit the profit target again.
This is my first funded account challenge in the past,
I can't even remember,
the last time that I did a funded.
But it's been a fucking minute.
So I guess I'm too good at trading
and one of my trades made too much money.
So now it's telling me to make more money
to prove that I'm actually the best at trading.
And it says that I have to split it up into two or more trades.
So whatever.
This one I made, I think it was like 3.4K on this.
And then tomorrow, as long as I win the trade,
I should be able to pass the shit.
So yeah, but on the live account,
I took profit right here as well just because I was up $25,000.
So yeah, today was pretty fucking simple, bro.
Even though I know the stream was super butthurt
because they were like, you said your bias is bullish.
I did say my bias was bullish,
but I also was screaming at you guys.
I literally screamed it.
I literally screamed five-minute SMT ski on NQ.
Like,
just because just because at 9 a.m.
I say, oh yeah, I want these highs to get taken out.
Doesn't mean that's where our price is just going to go for the day.
We have to wait for price to fucking move, bro.
More often than not, my initial bias at 9 a.m.
is wrong, bro.
More often than not, my initial bias at 9 a.m.
is like fully incorrect,
but I'm really fucking good at adapting and reacting to what the market gives me.
And that's exactly what I did today.
We saw five-minute SMT.
We see a five-minute break of structure.
We see a five-minute SMT.
Sorry, I already mentioned that.
And then we get a one-minute inverse for value gap right when the macro opens
with relative equal lows right here on the on the lower time frame
while also being in five-minute bearish order flow.
It's fucking obvious where price wants to go.
It's fucking obvious.
And again, I could have held to all full TPs,
but
the profit was already good enough on the live.
I wanted just to take the
five bands to the bank.
What am I up?
I'm up 40K on the week, 15K on Monday, 25K today,
up 3.4K on the funded.
What are they going to say?
What are they going to fucking say?
So yeah, bros.
This was a solid trade on ES.
There was no reason for me to look for a trade just because this was the or this wasn't lagging index.
Nasdaq was definitely the better one to trade.
It was literally that was that was the cool thing about Nasdaq today.
It was literally waiting for everybody to get their entries in bro.
Nasdaq was literally fucking waiting for everybody get there to get their entries in like it was just
it was consolidating consolidating while ES was shitting the bed.
Yes is shitting the bed.
While Nasdaq is going sideways.
What do you think is eventually going to happen to Nasdaq as it's literally generating low resistance liquidity right here
as it's literally as it's literally forming a five-minute SMT as it's like as it's giving every
single confluence to go short while ES is still shitting the bed.
What the fuck do you think is going to happen to Nasdaq?
It's going to go fucking down.
So that was a that was the trade that I took today.
I know it was a bit you know, it can be frustrating.
I understand that when you're on my stream and I say yeah, I want price to be bullish but don't like when I get on stream
and I say yeah, my bias is bullish for the day.
That isn't just a straight.
Oracle prediction of where price is going to go and like and you guys should definitely know by now that when I get on
stream and I say what my bias is more often than not like my bias is well, I mean it can either go one or two ways.
I'm either right about my bias and boom the draws on liquidity gets hit and then boom everybody's like holy shit.
You called it or my bias is incorrect and I still take a winning trade because I'm able to adapt my bias to what the
market gives me and you guys.
Really need to start learning how to do that shit too.
So that being said fucking W.
Oh wait.
Yeah, I know you guys are going to fucking bitch and scream about this shit.
But it's probably the last time that I'm going to do this bitch just because you guys are fucking meat eaters and you guys get the
point by now.
Dollars.
I don't know why it doesn't.
Oh, yeah, there you go.
It's a little bit better.
But anyways, 25k on the day.
And yeah, G fucking G.
I'll see you guys on stream tomorrow.
Hopefully.
Oh, yeah, we all we didn't have any high-impact news.
So no need to worry about that.
But a W day for the best day trader that is fucking gay.


==============================
VIDEO 040 — Live Day Trading Making $317,572 (MY BEST TRADING DAY ALL YEAR)-IeFZ43LvjcU
==============================

Alright guys, let's get into it. So first of all, Monday, government shutdown is officially
over. The longest shutdown in government history is officially over. So some things that we need
to look at upcoming this week. We have FOMC meeting minutes on Wednesday. We have unemployment
rates coming out on Thursday. This actually, believe it or not, most of the time unemployment
rates don't really affect the market too much. I think that unemployment rates this time,
will end up affecting the markets because we haven't had this news data for the past
month and a half. So that's just something to keep in mind. Today,
we don't really have any news besides Trump speaking at around 6 p.m. Eastern time.
And that's pretty much it. We were supposed to have CPI news data last week, but the
government shutdown is over. So we're going to have to wait and see what happens. So
we're going to have to wait and see what happens. So we're going to have to wait and see what happens.
So we're going to have to wait and see what happens. So we're going to have to wait and see what happens.
The government shutdown didn't give us enough time. So it looks like CPI is going to be,
when did they want to schedule this? Here we go. So December 10th. Wow. Oh my, yo.
This trading day is going to be insane. Look at this. We have CPI news data,
and then we have interest rate decisions. Yo, FOMC interest rate decisions. As you guys know,
the past two times,
that I've traded this, I've made $400,000 or more. And we have CPI news data right an hour
before market opens. Absolutely insane. So December 10th, big day to look out for. I also have
money on, I also have money on the interest rate decisions. I think that we are going to
decrease rates by 25 bips. We'll see how that goes. That's just a fun little prediction that I,
that I put on. But now going into the markets today. Now, this is something that I think all of
us can be pretty conscious of. I'm overall bearish. Not only the, not only last time we made a weekly
low, we broke structure, but we also just inverse this weekly gap. Inverse this weekly gap. We broke
structure last week. I think it's, I wouldn't say safe to say, but I think we're due for some more
bearish movement.
I think that ES is going to want to go down, target these lows and these lows. I think NASDAQ
is because we've already taken out these lows. We're filling in this daily gap right now. I
think that we can look for us to move a little bit lower. And overall, I've been high timeframe
bearish on equities and all of these things for the past couple of months. I feel like Michael
Burry just wanting to short the market over and over and over again. Obviously it's hard to do
in a market that consistent consistently and historically goes down. But I think that we're
going to keep trying to get our bulls up and to the right for the most part, especially when
we're dealing with these stocks that have just been up only for the last fucking seven months.
But we're finally starting to get some catalysts that are causing us to want to look to the
downside. Now going into today's Daily Bias, we have the open from Sunday. We have a London session
these highs right here and we're getting a sell-off down to already asia session lows right
here now i would like for us to remain bearish we're already underneath asia session lows
the only reason why i would like to remain bearish even though we're sweeping out asia session lows
i would want probably like a high time frame retrace maybe we get some legs up that come
comes through you know sweeps out these five minute low resistance highs here
um but i want to target these lows down here because looking at the chart this is high
resistance liquidity we just came up and swept out these highs and we're coming down to take
out these lows and realistically like what's what's a better draw on liquidity for us to look
at even though it's a little bit farther um down we have these lows right here on the
other side and we're coming down to take out these lows and realistically like what's what's
s&p 500 and then these lows right here two high time frame low resistance uh lows two high time
frame low resistance draws on liquidity um and then on nasdaq we only have these lows right here
but in my head i think that this draw on liquidity is slightly better than us wanting to come back up
and sweep up these highs when these highs itself were a sweep of these highs that caused the
liquidity sweep so orders were already filled up here i don't think that we're going to want
to go back up and sweep out these highs to fill more orders to push down especially because the
overall high time frame bias is bearish i think that this was the sweep required for us to move
lower so what i want is just simple sweeps of these low resistance highs on the five minute
market's about to open in one minute i just want to see us come up and manipulate some five minute
highs up here and then i'll just be looking for a price to go lower um on both of these indexes we
do have
um
some five minute lows right here these are really the next draws on liquidity that we can look at
before you know targeting these hourly lows all the way down here but um yeah i think that
this month will stay closing bearish and hopefully maybe the following month like uh
what it's november right now i hope this month can close bearish and then i hope
december closes like a disgustingly bearish close um as well you know maybe or maybe just half
december we get like a big sweep down some sort of news catalyst that causes us to go down and
sweep out all these lows here um and then for us to continue on this high time frame massive up
trend that we've been on for these stocks and indexes so far but i i do think that a
high time frame retraces something that's low-key uh like necessary now yeah so market just opened
and i'm really just looking at these stacked up highs like all of this just trend line liquidity
doesn't really matter um which one it wants to stop at we can look at all of these highs here
that's mainly what i'm looking for if price comes all the way down to take out these lows then
i personally won't trade um because
my i mean we'll see we'll see but i just don't i i want to take shorts down to these lows and
none of these high time frame lows i don't know if we can get all the way down to these high time
frame lows but it's potential um but this is a london's london manipulation reversal we're
looking for new york continuation essentially so we're continuing it right now but i i would want
us to come up and sweep out some of these low lower time frame highs
first um and like give us like an hourly retrace maybe because realistically i don't really see us
wanting to climb up to these hourly highs to sweep them out just to push lower maybe i'm wrong
but i think these like where are we at right now here down to here 15 15 tick move here up to here
74 take move you know i don't
really i would rather short down these lows that makes more sense to me so
we'll wait we'll see what the market wants to do
um and then we can move based off of that i know a lot of people have been asking about
crypto recently i mean we're in this i mean this green box for me has just been like
in my opinion like yo like the green box is green for a reason
I'm not a financial advisor, but personally, if we were to get another leg higher here
on Bitcoin, right here would be the place that it would happen.
In my personal opinion, like this movement looks exactly like this.
We have boom, we have a high, a wick above the high big sell off and then rally.
We have a high, a wick above the high, big sell off.
We could get a rally here.
That's what I see.
Could be completely wrong, but personally, I think anything for Bitcoin under a hundred
thousand dollars or just, yeah, in my opinion, anything under a hundred thousand dollars
is for me personally, I would want to take that.
But yeah.
To each their own.
I'm not a financial advisor.
No clue what this chart's going to do.
I've been buying this entire move down.
So yeah, we'll see.
We shall see.
So right now we're getting that move up, which is nice.
So both these indexes are coming up.
We're taking out some of these highs now, which is great.
So on NASDAQ, we're getting more of an aggressive move up.
We're taking out these five minute highs.
We took out these five minute highs.
Yes, we haven't quite got above any five minute highs just yet.
I would want to see, I mean, yeah, any, any sort of manipulation to the upside would
be nice, but yeah, we're just going to sit here, watch and wait.
As price does its thing, I think that my bias is going to play out.
I do think that we're going to get the sweep of these highs.
We're getting it right now.
ES is above these highs.
I mean, it's the most, in my opinion, it's like the obvious play for today would be sweep
of these low resistance highs and then sell off to come down, take out these lows.
So that's what I'm looking for.
We'll wait obviously until optimal time, time, timeframe to be entering because obviously,
you know, we could.
We're taking out this high timeframe low right now, right, and we're breaking five
minute structure to the upside.
However, again, do I think that us sweeping out this high timeframe low is going to cause
a big enough sweep and a big enough orders to get filled for us to want to target these
hourly highs?
No, not really.
I think that us taking out these lows is just going to cause for a one hour, a one hour
retrace.
You know, maybe we fill in this hourly gap or it's just as simple as us coming into hourly
equilibrium, which we're already in.
So like we don't even have to move any higher than we already are right now on either of
these.
So from this hourly high down to this hourly low, ES and NASDAQ, we're pretty much already
at equilibrium like that.
We can start the rotation down now.
I don't think it's going to happen right now.
But you get what I'm saying?
Like we don't have to move any higher.
So yeah, we're taking out these highs, taking out these highs and yeah, we're just going
to sit, watch and wait.
Good legs up here.
Yeah.
Coming up to take out these highs would be fire on one of the indexes.
That would be, I mean, shit, that's pretty high.
We're already filling in this hourly gap.
We just filled it on NASDAQ.
I don't really need a supply.
I don't need a supply.
I don't need this to go any higher than this.
We can obviously on ES, we just would have to push past these highs right here, which
we just did.
So awesome.
The hourly gap has been filled on both ES and on NASDAQ.
I mean, shit, bro.
If NASDAQ wants to take out these highs, we can form a awesome bearish SMT divergence.
If ES doesn't take out these highs, we're ripping right now.
NASDAQ swept out these highs.
ES is underneath these highs right now.
I mean, shit, bro.
Maybe NASDAQ wants to come all the way up and take out these hourly highs.
I said that I didn't think that that was going to happen, but now here we are all the way
up here.
So potential now.
Holy gap.
Yeah.
There's a missing candle here.
It's about to be 940 Eastern.
So my eyes are on these highs right now.
NASDAQ swept these out.
ES hasn't.
So my eyes would be on if we're going to get a bearish SMT divergence from these highs
down to the highs on ES because NASDAQ swept them out.
Or if we want to push even higher to take out these hourly highs that I didn't necessarily
think we were going to take out, but now we have potential to.
My bias is still bearish because we've taken out all of this.
All of these.
All of this low resistance.
All of these low resistance draws and liquidity.
I do think that these highs are kind of, they're like out of the way.
There's like a big gap.
See how like these highs are like smoothly stacked up.
There's a bit of a gap from here to here.
And it just depends on if NASDAQ wants to come up and like has the orders necessary
to come up and fill that.
If it does and if it does take out these highs, then yeah, NASDAQ is definitely going to take
out these hourly highs.
But.
Um.
I'm kind of, I'm looking for this SMT divergence to happen.
I'm just looking for downside.
Let's pay attention to this cause we could get this SMT divergence right now.
We haven't formed any sort of one minute, um, structure for us to like, like we just
have up only on ES, ES would be the index that we're trying to trade on, um, because
it's the one that's leading.
Not.
It's not lagging on the SMT, but we, we don't really have any one minute structure yet.
So I want a low to get formed because in order for me to even consider a trend change on
ES, we would have to inverse this gap all the way down here or break structure all the
way down here.
So we're going to need like an up candle on ES, but right now we're looking good.
It's 943.
We'll see how this five minute candle closes.
We can close bearish on these candles.
Then the SMT will be confirmed, could also get a one minute SMT divergence here as well.
NASDAQ is above these highs, ES is underneath these right now.
So we got two bearish SMT divergences, bearish SMT from these highs up to these highs, bearish
SMT from these highs down to these highs, low key just waiting for, um, one minute confirmation.
Then I'd be willing to short.
We are pretty close to these highs though.
So.
We did take them out on NASDAQ though.
So I would honestly low key want ES to come up and take out these highs and NASDAQ is
close to these hourly highs.
So it's kind of tough to say right now, like these hourly highs are kind of like objectively
better, especially where we're at right now.
Like what's an easier draw for NASDAQ to come up and grab these highs for NASDAQ to come
all the way down here to grab these lows.
It's four times the distance.
Right now it would be for NASDAQ to come up and grab these highs.
Okay.
And ES just pushed above these highs.
So, um, I would want ES to grab these highs, the buy it.
My bias is slowly flipping bullish here, um, as time goes on and as we get closer to that
entry time, which is like literally three minutes away and as we're not getting really
any sort of like bearish confirmations.
Okay.
Okay.
So ES just swept out these highs.
NASDAQ.
It looks like we're just going to come up and take out these highs here.
If NASDAQ, this is kind of what I would want be NASDAQ to like not take out these highs,
but form a high, like literally right here and then give some sort of like fake out or
some sort of like break of one minute structure to the downside and then the look or what
I would want to be taking.
It would be longs up to these highs here.
I didn't think that market open would have this much of a bullish push, but it is, which
is fine.
Um, just making me readjust things.
So what I would want now would be for NASDAQ to, you know, start like a move down here,
maybe inverse this one minute gap here, come down, maybe sweep out these hourly or these
one minute lows.
Yes.
To inverse this gap here, like we're getting.
Okay.
Cause again, just looking at this, like I would want ES to sweep out these lows, maybe
sweep out these lows and then we can look for higher cause I mean we have an hourly
draw on liquidity right here versus an hourly draw on liquidity right here.
What, what realistically makes more sense for us to target these highs.
If we come up and sweep out these highs, um, it's hard to say that I would want to be
looking for anything special at that point.
Do we take out these five minute highs here?
It looks like we did.
So we took out those five minute highs.
Maybe that like mini liquidity sweep is what we need to get a five minute retrace lower
and some sort of manipulation down, but yeah, I mean if we take out these highs, just like
I said earlier, if we take out these highs, we're going to take out these hourly highs.
Didn't expect there to be this much bullish movement off the open, but those stocks, man,
I guess we're going to take out these hourly highs.
Okay.
I guess they don't go down.
It's nine 50 now.
So I still don't think that we're going to want to target these highs all the way up
here.
I do think that that is super unrealistic.
I think we're definitely not going to trade up to these highs.
I think if we sweep out these highs without any sort of down action beforehand, okay,
so we just did that.
My bias is going to have to be bearish here.
I don't really see us.
There's no real.
There's no real high timeframe draws and liquidity that I would want to be looking
at other than these highs up here, but these are high resistance draws and liquidity, or
this is a high resistance liquidity.
We want to be trading away from this in my opinion.
So again, when I started this, I said that, hey, I don't think that it's possible for
us to trade up to these hourly highs.
Boom.
That was proved wrong.
We did trade up to these hourly highs.
Now because we're above these highs, I would want to see some sort of bearish SMT divergence.
We got to start seeing some bearish action here from NASDAQ off of these highs and from
ES underneath these highs to start rotations down.
And that's what I'm going to be looking at right now.
So if we can start bearish rotations now after that high timeframe sweep, that would be what
I'm looking for.
Focus.
Focus on ES.
If ES can inverse this gap, I'll take shorts, a new low as the weekly gap that I marked
out.
Okay.
So all I'm looking for here is just downwards movement.
We have a five minute gap right here.
New low right here.
I'm looking for one minute downwards movement or downwards confirmation.
We have this five minute gap right here.
This right here is like a determining point.
So if we can break structure to the downside here, I'll look to short and then the determining
point is going to be this five minute gap.
So if we break structure to the downside here on the one minute, which I think we'll do
once we get into this gap, I can move stop to break even.
Okay.
So once we get into this five minute gap, so again, if we break structure here, then
I'll short.
Yes.
Because it's the.
Leading on this bearish high time for bearish SMT divergence.
So if we close like this, I'm shorting ES and then once we get into this five minute
gap, I'll move stops to break even, which will probably be like somewhere around here
because if we want to go higher than whatever, we'll go higher and we'll react off this bullish
gap and we'll push higher.
But if we want to go lower than we'll inverse this gap and then I might even go even heavier
in.
So we haven't broken structure to the downside yet on either of these.
I think we're going to.
I honestly could go short right now.
That's kind of what I'm looking for.
I think regardless, we're going to, if we fill this five minute gap, then we're going
to have to wait, unfortunately, but damn, if we get into this five minute gap.
Yeah.
So on NQ, we're getting in this gap, but the nice thing is if we inverse this gap on the
five minute, if we inverse this gap on the five minute, then that's just like sure a
sign.
We have a five minute gap now.
Okay.
We have a minute 50 left for us to see what we do with this five minute gap.
If we want to bounce out of it and push higher.
Awesome.
I don't think that's, that's going to be the case.
We're getting retraces up now.
We're missing a candle here.
I don't know why it's been doing that, but we filled this gap.
Main focus is just, are we going to inverse this or not?
Let's see what happens.
Are we going to inverse this gap?
If we do that, I can short, it's looking good right now.
NASDAQ we're underneath it.
Yes.
We're playing within here now we're playing within it.
So yes, if we inverse this gap, I'll be looking to short it's down to the wire here, 13 seconds
left on the close.
Okay.
So we didn't inverse it on NASDAQ.
We did.
That gives me low key, more of a reason to want to go short.
Just means we'll probably get a little deeper retrace here.
So NASDAQ we inverse the gap.
That's good.
It means we'll probably just get a five minute retrace.
Maybe NASDAQ will come up, sweep out these one minute highs.
Yes.
Not loading in this candle.
Okay.
So we just got a pretty big retrace here on ES.
I wouldn't mind like shorting.
Once we get bearish confirmation out of that, yeah.
Good retrace here on ES, stay a little bit patient, watch and wait, inverse this five
minute gap.
We have the SMT divergence, I'm just watching and waiting right now.
Making a one minute SMT divergence from these highs up to these highs right now.
So if we close bearish on ES, then we're looking good.
The unfortunate, I mean, it's not really unfortunate.
But yes.
It's not really unfortunate, but NASDAQ seems to be leading and it's closer to these draws.
So I kind of would want to favor NASDAQ here.
NASDAQ is closer to these draws.
Going to go short here on NASDAQ.
Target these lows as first take profit.
Even though NASDAQ is technically the lagging index on the higher timeframe SMT, NASDAQ
is just closer to those draws on liquidity.
Leading to the downside.
And on NASDAQ, we were able to inverse the gap.
So gives me a little bit more faith that NASDAQ is going to want to take out these lows here.
So okay.
So I took partial profits there, moving my stop loss to breakeven.
That puts me up 51,980 bucks on that.
Stop is at breakeven now on NASDAQ.
So I took partial positions here.
I just kind of need to readjust myself.
And there we go.
Okay.
Let's go ahead and think about what other take profits we could do.
There's not really much, we're kind of in a free fall zone.
So like low key, shit bro, we could dump down to these lows here.
This is like the five minute order block and breaker block, like lined up with these one
minute lows here.
So we're looking good.
This could be a big day.
ES took out these lows.
Take profit two will be here.
Take profit three will be down here.
I don't necessarily think we'll come down and take profit three, but never say never.
We're already in profit for the day.
So that's all that matters.
Chipping away at that kind of ugly monthly balance that we're at right now.
I think that puts us only down 100K or a hundred grand on the month now.
We were previously down like 150K.
So that win was good.
Good for me to take.
I mean, I think that we'll be able to continue this trend here because we inverse this five
minute gap, just broke structure to the downside on the five minute after sweeping out hourly
highs.
You know, I think that we can continue this lower.
Look at that hourly sweep, bro.
This is perfect.
Again, this was high resistance liquidity for the day.
I think that, you know, this is good.
That was a good trading day.
Good trading day.
No complaints.
That was super fucking locked in going into this week out sick as shit last week.
I'm still kind of coming off of sinus infection that I had, but coming into this week, ready
to fire, ready to go.
Everything's looking good here.
We monitor, we'll want to monitor this one minute gap here.
We get a bearish close like this.
And if we take out these lows here.
I don't see any reason for us to not want to come down and grab these lows.
That would be good.
That would probably be a six figure day for me.
Some beautiful trading day was locked in.
So it'd be a big day.
This will be a big day to grab those one minute lows.
So it'd be a big day if we can get these lows.
Come on, let's maintain this bearish structure here, fill this gap, continue lower, see
what we do off of this.
This one minute gap right here.
If we inverse this, then we'll probably come up to fill the five minute gap that we have
right here.
I don't really, I wouldn't really want that, but that would be the case if we end up inversing
this gap here or we fill it and then we continue lower by inversing.
Whatever, like this one minute gap down here.
Yes.
So NASDAQ, we're still in that one minute gap.
We'll see if the one minute inverse is this gap here, then we'll want, we'll probably
see price come up and sweep out these highs.
Four moves lower.
I just hope that, you know, on that move up, we don't get stopped at it.
Break even.
That wouldn't really be too happy.
But we're still playing within this gap.
If we can inverse this one minute gap to the downside right here, we'll probably continue
this trend and take out these lows and these lows.
They're stacked up.
I still think that these lows are highly probable.
I just hope that we don't get a retrace up to stop me out at break even before coming
down to take out these stacked up lows that we have right here.
So if we, or no, we would have to inverse this gap right here.
Got to see what we do.
Let's go off this one minute gap.
Okay.
So we haven't inversed it yet.
Ah, damn.
Yes.
We inversed it.
Doesn't mean that NASDAQ is going to come all the way up here and fill this five minute
gap.
If anything, it's better that ES inversed it and NASDAQ didn't because that probably
means that ES will want to come up, sweep out these one minute highs to fill the five
minute gap and then push lower because it's showing that NASDAQ wasn't able to inverse
this or we just go straight down from here.
Okay.
You know, ES inverse this gap.
If we can inverse this bottom one, then we'll continue the trend lower.
Same thing here on NASDAQ.
Obviously, if we inverse this gap, then these lows I think are guaranteed.
And then from there I would be willing to move my stop loss like above these highs.
Once we take out these lows, yeah, ES, we have a possibility for us to fill this five
minute gap up here.
NASDAQ is looking a little bit weaker, which just again, makes me feel like we're going
to get a little bit lower.
Again, makes me feel better about the position that I'm in because I don't want to get stopped
out at break even when I still am super sure of these lows getting hit eventually sometime
within the next 30 minutes.
So I would like to see ES fill this five minute gap.
Since we're in bullish order flow on ES, we have these lows that we could, you know,
if we break structure to the downside here, then awesome.
We can continue this movement.
We can continue this move down.
NASDAQ looks good.
NASDAQ we're still in bearish order flow because we haven't broken structure to the upside
or inverse this one minute gap up yet.
It would be nice to see just price dump right now.
We're getting there.
If ES just wants to say fuck you and break structure here, that would be fire.
Nice.
NASDAQ looks good.
I think, yeah, NASDAQ will be able to take out these lows.
Let me get my shit ready so I can partial.
Okay.
All right.
Big structure there on ES.
Nice.
And we broke structure on ES to the downside.
Just hope we can continue this move down now.
Such a strong draw on liquidity right here with this low stacked up with this low.
Yes, we're looking good.
NASDAQ looking great.
Yeah.
We're gone.
Take them.
Let's go.
We're going to take them.
Let's go get it.
All right.
I'm ready to close.
I'm ready to close partials.
This will be big, big day if we can get this.
Sizing up for the month of November, I've already told you guys this, but ... Okay.
Closed partials there.
Wow.
Great day.
Up 119,870 bucks now.
Floating $70,000 in profits still.
Good day.
Good day.
Man.
Good day.
I'm locked in.
Okay.
Okay.
So see here now, ES was unable to take out these lows.
I low key think that ... Or we'll have to see here what happens, but we're maintaining
one minute structure here on NASDAQ.
I still think that we could potentially come down.
I mean, this to me is looking like four hour sweep of these highs.
What are we going to do?
We're going to continue.
This trend all the way down.
I could very well ... I'm not going to, but I could hold this all the way down to here.
I don't think that that's going to get hit today, but I could hold this all the way
down here to these lows.
It's possible I might end up doing that.
I think that we have the legs required.
I think that that's possible.
This could be a big day.
I mean, it already is a big day, but I think that we can take out these.
As well, my break even is so high up here.
I'm in such an advantageous spot right now.
We just continue this bearish one minute structure.
If we continue the bearish five minute structure, means the invalidation point would be these
highs up here.
We'll see.
If we break one minute structure to the upside here, then that will probably tell me that
ES wants to go.
It'll come up and sweep out the highs that it left up here and maybe fill in that five
minute gap.
What will probably happen is if we get a break of one minute structure to the upside.
Now we can look at these highs.
NASDAQ, we can look at these highs.
If we break structure here, what will probably happen is one of the indexes will sweep out
these five minute highs, probably fill in this five minute gap.
Looks like we're about to break it right here.
If and when we get this break.
We have these highs that are stacked up on the indexes with these highs that are stacked
up on the indexes.
Awesome.
So we broke structure to the upside.
Cool.
We'll probably get a retrace sweep out of these highs.
Maybe fill this five minute gap here.
And then when we get that, I'll just be looking for even more of a continuation because now
ES has this low and this low stacked up and this low stacked up.
We've got three sets of lows for ES to target.
NASDAQ, we already took out these lows, but we have these lows all the way down here for
us to target on NASDAQ.
So right now what I would be expecting would be for us to sweep out these five minute highs
up here.
Sweep out these five minute highs, maybe sweep out these one minute highs up here, fill in
this five minute gap and then continue the downtrend.
So.
I'm going to get rid of these take profit points because we've already used them.
And since we're in one minute bullish market structure, it's really just as simple as monitoring
the one minute structure again, just like how we've been doing, just seeing, okay, awesome.
If we inverse this one minute gap here, we're probably going to go lower and then we're
probably going to want to take out these lows.
I think that we're going to want to take out these highs first.
So that's what we'll be looking at.
We'll be looking at these lows.
We'll be looking at these highs and these highs right here.
That's marked out with a fair value gap.
Same thing here on ES because we broke structure to the upside.
We'll be looking at these highs, these highs, and then this five minute gap.
And then for us to break back down, it would just be to inverse this one minute gap to
the downside.
And ES, like ES could set up for a great short opportunity here.
Like if we inverse this gap, then it's for me, I see obvious.
Yeah.
Draws right here, like, okay, so NASDAQ, we just inverse this gap to the downside.
I would rather see it on ES because ES is leading here to the upside, but NASDAQ inverse
this.
So that to me is saying, okay, we're going to continue this five minute trend down and
probably target these lows on NASDAQ.
We can inverse this gap on ES.
I think ES it's almost guaranteed that we're going to take out all three of these lows
here.
It's something that I would literally be willing to put money on, but I'm already up
so much for the day.
There's no reason to take another trade, but I mean, we were seeing it happen in real time
right now.
If we inverse like, or if, or when we inverse this gap, these three lows consider them fucking
gone.
So gap inversed on ES, these lows I think are smoked unless we want to push higher here.
And cause we have, we're kind of stacking up low resistance liquidity here.
Yeah.
We're kind of doing better now that we're here, but right now, five minute bearish trend
is still intact.
If I'm going to bearish trend on ES is still intact.
All these stacked up lows probably make a one minute retrace and then smack them.
Okay.
So let's see here.
If we want to come up, what will probably happen is we'll probably end up sleeping out
these highs.
That's going to be like a key point will be these five-minute highs right here.
If we break structure the upside.
on the five minute then that's when we'll probably have to say all right we could end up going a
little bit higher here this big move down that we've been trading on um you know we capitalized
off of it too bad so sad so this is kind of a key point right here ideally what we do is we
poke our head above these highs like we just did on nasdaq ideally we come up and sweep out these
one minute highs and then we just hit a smooth swift rotation down oh beautiful yeah so es just
came up swept up these highs the goal would be for us to again push above these highs fill in this gap
and then boom just turtle head our shit just for us to go lower and oh dude beautiful literally
could can't make it look better so that's exactly what we got right there now we would want this
to continue down obviously so what are we doing we're doing exactly what we did before is just
looking for because again the five minute trend is still intact we haven't broken structure to
the upside yet on the five minute on es we didn't break structure to the upside on the five minute
we're continuing this bearish trend right now as long as we don't break structure as long as we
don't inverse this this five minute gap here um so we would continue to break structure to the
upside on the one minute so we'll be looking for us to continue the five minute trend and how do we
know that the five minute trend is going to continue by us flipping and changing order flow
to the downside on the one minute so we'll be looking at this inverse gap we'll be looking
on nasdaq for us to inverse this gap here and if we get that then i definitely think that we can
dude we're in for a big one i think that we can target these lows these lows and these lows
so let's see what happens here
we could also just get a break of structure if we form this as a low okay so we form this as a low
if we get a break of structure at the downside that would be good as well if we break structure
here i could pull off a crazy play i could move my stop loss on this position to above these highs
enter again and then have the stop loss of this entry be above these highs that would
still mean if i get stopped out of both positions i would pretty much end break even
we'll see what happens but that's kind of what i'm thinking
i'll do we don't get it just yet yes we're still in that one minute gap if we break structure here
on nasdaq that's probably what i'll end up doing because i think that we can still go lower looks
right here go clean i've been bro the way that i've been pinpointing price action today has been
ridiculous i said that we wanted to sweep out these i said that we wanted to fill in this five
minute gap target these lows oh my goodness so nasty yes we're taking out these lows
you can break past these lows i think we're going to get a little bit of a break here
i think we just free fall down to here same thing here on es i think once we can break past these
lows it's just we're we're going to take these lows it's just a matter of if we can get past
these lows here this barrier or sorry it's looking good on es nasdaq let's see if we just
break past these lows nice yes we got underneath these lows i think we free fall if we can get
like solid closures underneath here
nice bro let's go oh my god okay es took out these lows now because this is the bearish smt
divergence es is technically the leading index for us to complete this smt it would mean that
es has to take out these lows if that's the case then yeah we're going to go lower and i think we
are i think we are i think we're just going to go i think this is like that that moved down i think
that was the catalyst i think we can dump
i think we can dump down here as long as we aren't whatever trying to get as long as we can break out
of this little consolidation that we were just in that we're playing around in then yeah i think we
can go nasdaq we got to get lower here but yes yeah these lows would be the completion of the
smt divergence and that would be like the completion of the move like for us to not stay
within this five minute consolidation i would like for us to get out of this i was taking these
lows was the first step us like actually you know we got the breakdown we're retracing up into that
consolidation i would like for us to get the firm you know move but okay let's see if we i moved my
stop loss on um nasdaq to above these highs here so making a big retrace back into this five minute
consolidation range we're still maintaining
um bearish five minute structure on yes and on nas and on nasdaq on the five minute again in order
for us to see the one minute change back to the downside we would just need to see an inverse of
this gap and yes we would just need to see an inverse of this gap we want to go to the bathroom
real quick see what price wants to do oh let's see if we inverse this gap here on the one minute
yes same situation or we could find a way to do that so let's see if we can do that
so let's see if we can find a way to do that so let's see if we can find a way to do that
candle and then break structure to the downside either or i do still think that we have
i'm i'm pretty fucking confident in in these lows getting taken out on es
i do think that that's possible it's just i mean i guess it's just like a matter of when
um just watching and it's kind of hard because i mean now stop loss is above these highs so it's
a little bit more possible for me to get stopped out
um but i don't know i don't really want to sit on here for too much longer
just talking out price action if we're just going to continue going like staying within this five
minute range let's see what price wants to do here though could kick start the next move down
there we go so if we break structure here then this will be the next move down and i think you
know the volume of this candle i think that we're ready to go and potentially ready to just completely
break out of this five minute range so let's see if we can do that
move down like this five minute range that we're in finally got enough liquidity for us to
dump here let's see if we can actually break structure though that's the key
thing that we would be looking for if we get the break on nasdaq got the break on nasdaq
got the break on es i would like to see us just dump now oh go go go down go down go down we're
going down you go down we go down we go down we go down we go down e
we go down we go down we go down we go down we go down we go
We go, next stop for ES would be these lows.
Same thing here for NASDAQ.
Next stop for NASDAQ would be these lows right here
and then these lows.
ES, I would like to say that these lows are guaranteed
because it's the leading index on the SMT divergence
and for us to complete the SMT,
then we would have to hit these lows.
NASDAQ, it's hard to say that these are guaranteed.
So I'll be watching ES and watching NASDAQ
and seeing what price wants to do,
but ES, I do think that we're going to grab these lows.
It's a little bit closer
compared to where NASDAQ's at right now.
NASDAQ, the move down is a little bit steeper
for us to get those lows.
So I think what I'll probably do is if ES wants to come
all the way down here and grab out these lows,
then I'll just close my NASDAQ position
once these lows get taken out on ES
or if these lows get taken out
on ES.
Ideally, you know, we get out of this five minute
consolidation and just, you know,
fully make that move down now.
Come on, man.
Are you going to get it?
I think this might be the time.
Come on.
We grabbed these lows.
Now let's get these ones, these ones, and these ones.
They're all stacked up for you.
Let's go.
Stacked up.
Come on, man.
All you got to do is just go down.
The dump, make the dump, make the dump,
make the dump, make the dump, make the dump, make the dump.
Now's your time.
Come on, guys.
Let's stop playing within this dumb ass range
and just dump it down.
You know you want to.
You know you have to.
Come on.
Continue this one minute trend.
Come on.
We have one low, two low, three low,
and then one low all the way down here.
Come on, ES.
I know you want these lows.
Take the lows.
Take the lows.
Take the lows.
Take the lows.
It's just waiting.
It's just waiting
for a huge candle, bro.
It's just waiting for the massive candle to dump down.
Yes.
Okay, we got one.
Now let's get this one and then this one.
It's easy, bro.
You already got one.
You're just gonna go down and get the rest of them.
Oh my days.
Come on, bro.
And then this one.
And then this one all the way down here.
Come on, dude.
Continue the one minute trend
and not just keep flip-flopping back and forth.
Please.
Let's go.
Fucking dump, bro.
This has to be it, bro.
This has to be it where we just dump down.
Make it happen.
Boom, let's go.
All the way now.
All the way now.
See, now that we got these lows,
now everything's possible.
Now, see, now that we took out all these lows,
everything's possible.
Now we can open up the floodgates, right?
We're just gonna go straight down now.
Straight down.
Let's go straight down.
All the way down.
Just straight black candlesticks down now.
Floodgates, right?
Boom.
Dump it.
Dump it.
Dump it.
Yup.
Dump it, dude.
Dump, dump, dump, dump, dump.
There's nothing else in your way, ES.
Nothing else in your way.
All that we want is these lows now.
Give me one second.
There's gonna be somebody at my door.
I need to sign some papers.
I'll be right back.
Keep an eye on this.
Oh, boogie.
That is holy shit.
Literally while I was signing these documents, closed out.
Once ES came out and took out these lows,
I closed more of my position.
I'm now up $255,956.38 on the day
because I took that re-entry up here.
So now, on NASDAQ, I have closed out pretty much,
I closed out completely of this position,
but now I just have the partials remaining from the position,
right here, from this short position right here.
So, these, I can let ride all the way down to these lows,
these lows, and these lows.
I low-key panicked.
I probably shouldn't have closed
the entirety of this position.
I was kind of just freaking out.
It was actually a pretty dumb ass decision
now that I think about it, but it is what it is.
We're up a shit ton of money today.
Crazy, really freaking good trading day for me.
It's super on point.
So, now, ES has taken out these lows.
The next stop for ES would be these five-minute lows
that are right here, right here and right here.
I don't know if that's possible,
because we've made, we've pretty much retraced
this entire move down so far,
but I think NASDAQ, it is possible for us
to grab these lows right here,
and then I'll be able to manage even more of my position.
If we take out these lows on NASDAQ,
that will make me, if I take partials, let's see,
if we can take out these lows on NASDAQ,
that would put me at like 200,
maybe 280K on the day.
If we take out these lows, if I manage partials,
if I close the entire position underneath here,
that'll be a $300,000 day for me,
which would be pretty fucking crazy.
I was so on point today.
I mean, even with sizing up, I think just the way,
like analyzing the charts, seeing what was going to happen,
all of that was like super on point.
So I'm really, really proud of the way that I traded today,
especially after a kind of a rough week last week.
Super, super satisfied with how I've been trading,
at least today.
So that's that.
I think that's pretty much it for me.
I'll see you guys in the next one.
Current PNL close, $255,956.38.
And then floating, we have around $36,000 right now.
So these would be the next take profit points.
And then for ES, it would be these five minute lows.
We're getting those moves down right now.
So NASDAQ, we're actually dumping.
We'll probably end up taking out these lows.
So I'll stay on here.
We'll see if we can grab these while we're still here.
Wow, what a great trading day.
I mean, I don't want to get like full of myself,
but this was a good, good, good, good trading day for me.
Honestly, it was just,
this was the type of trading day that I needed
to regain that confidence, you know?
Especially after you have like a kind of back and forth
trading week, end up like, especially after sizing up,
for like the month of November,
and like seeing kind of a nasty first week into it,
just doesn't feel too good on the confidence.
But I was super, I knew what I wanted to do today.
And I knew my objectives and executed perfectly on it.
So super proud of how I traded today.
Let's see what NASDAQ wants to do here.
ES is dumping, we have these five minute lows.
NASDAQ, we have these hourly lows.
I might just close out completely
when we take out these lows.
Yeah, I mean, even closing out right now
would make it a $300,000 day.
So I'm just gonna close out completely
when we take out these lows.
I don't, I mean, I'm just satisfied
if we can take out these lows here.
Smack it right there.
Smack it, so freaking close.
So close, let's hit it.
Bow, let's fucking go.
Great freaking trading day today.
Man, 317,572 points.
$2.90, I'm done for the day.
What a freaking great trading day.
Holy shit, man.
And I could still hold for even lower,
but no, I'm completely satisfied with how I traded today.
Man, what a freaking awesome trading day.
Whew, dude, that was so locked in for all of that.
Literally a two hour live trade recap with you guys.
Completely like, I was so on point
from literally the entry up here to the entire move down,
I was like perfect with my analysis
of where price was going to go, at what time.
With every single small movement
that I was making on the low time frames,
could not be more satisfied
with the way that I traded today.
Man, what a freaking awesome day.
Cool, that's going to finish it up for me.
Appreciate you, boys.
I'll catch you guys tomorrow.
Great fucking trading day.
Peace.


==============================
VIDEO 041 — Live Day Trading Making $401,280 (I FULLPORTED FOMC)-7a8tAGkVJac
==============================

what's going on guys as you can tell by the title of this video i made four hundred and one thousand
dollars day trading fomc and i did it while on a fucking airplane so this is going to be a bit of
a trade recap what i would have done differently number one never trade on plain wi-fi ever again
you guys will see in some of the screen recordings that i show because i was screen recording the
entire thing it was around an hour and 30 minutes worth of screen recordings but i wanted to make
sure that you guys got full transparency and literally every single inch of proof possible
for this trade because i knew that it was going to be a crazy freaking trade because i was planning
on risking a lot i told you guys beforehand that i was planning on risking a lot so i wanted to
make sure that i was able to capture the entire thing before we get into this trade recap if you
guys haven't already guys i'm doing a three-day
live event for you guys this isn't no by my course fucking thing okay this is literally just
a three-day live event that i'm doing for every single one of you guys and it's going to be
probably the best piece of content that i've ever put out to the internet imagine like the boot camp
but with my updated way of trading my updated ways of thinking about trading updated psychology
updated risk management as you guys know i trade a lot differently than i did two years ago when i
was a complete idiot and i would like to say that i'm a far better trader now two years later than i
was when i made the boot camp and i know how much you guys love that whole series and that whole
youtube thing that i did but just being open and honest with you guys the boot camp is dated okay i
do not trade the same way yes i use the same concepts yes i am thinking about the markets
in the same way but i'm trading differently my strategy is different my confluences that i'm using
are different my mindset is different there's some days that i'm actually
willing to trade on now that previously in the bootcamp, I said not to trade on. And I think
that's where a lot of you guys, you know, kind of get it twisted where that's the one thing that
kind of sucks with YouTube is I'll make a video saying, oh, don't do this. And that video could
have been, you know, two or three years ago. And then what do you know, two or three years go by,
guess what? I'm going to become a better trader. I'm going to become also a better teacher at
trading. And maybe I'll look back on that video and be like, damn, I was wrong. There's some
things that I looked back on in the bootcamp and I'm like, this actually isn't the best way to go
about doing these things. And in turn, I want to make an updated version of this for you guys.
And that is this three day live event. There's going to be a link down in the description for
you guys to sign up. It's going to be three days. It's going to be live. You guys are going to be
able to ask me questions. It's going to be multiple hours per day, and it's going to be
over the weekend. So you guys have literally no excuse, but to show up, this is happening
next weekend. Okay. So it starts November 8th. Okay. So you guys have eight days to
sign up. I would love for you guys to be there. This is going to be a one-time thing. This isn't
going to get re-uploaded to YouTube. It's only for people that are showing up and going to be
on time to this, because again, I really just want to make the most of this opportunity to be
able to give you guys an updated version of how I'm trading. And then also reward the people that
are willing to put the time in, because I'm going to be going in depth on different things that I
don't necessarily have time to go into during YouTube videos.
That don't necessarily warrant a full YouTube video for it, but are very, very useful. And some
things that you guys definitely have to be taking into account when it comes to trading, like
psychology stuff, like some confluence stuff, specifically risk management stuff, specifically
fundamental news stuff. We'll touch on some of the stuff that I'm going to get into in the combine
on like the new stuff today. But there's just like way more information that I have now that
sometimes just like gets left out of YouTube videos or doesn't warrant a full YouTube video.
To get made about it because one it'll hurt the YouTube channel by, you know, not getting views
and not getting pushed because it's such like a tiny little thing, but also it's it's something
that there's just no reason to make a full YouTube video over such a small concept, but that small
concept could be a turning point for you guys as trading. And that's what I'm doing within this
three day combine. So long story short, three days straight, it's live me teaching you guys first day,
it's probably going to be like five to six hours. So you guys are really going to have to lock in.
I've spent probably like the last two months working on this behind the scenes and we just
started talking about it now. It honestly kind of sucks that we started talking about it now
because it's so late and it's so close to the event. I wish I had more time to talk about it
and get as many people in here as possible, because I know that this is going to be so
great. And I've actually already had people who've gone through the slides and the presentations and
all of the content that I'm planning on doing. They were like, bro, holy shit. Why haven't you
been promoting this more? And I just, I don't know. I've just been so locked in on working
on this.
For you guys. And I haven't been working on promoting it, which kind of fucking sucks. But
that being said, if you guys want to sign up to this three day live event, it's going to be a
link in the description for you guys to sign up to that. Now let's get into the craziness of
yesterday. So there were two, three significant news events that were happening yesterday.
First was interest rate decisions. Okay. So we already knew now give me one second here.
I'm going to.
Pull something up. We already knew that interest rates were going to get cut. And you're probably
saying, well, how did, how did you know that interest rates were going to get cut? I was
using this handy dandy tool called Polly market. So let me go ahead and pull this up. If you guys
don't know what Polly market is, Polly market is essentially a third party platform that allows you
to try and predict what is going to happen in the world. So again, it's like making predictions.
It's prediction markets. Okay.
So you're making predictions on what is going to happen in the world. And there's a bunch of,
bunch of these things. I don't want to go too deep into it because we're just trying to focus
on the trade at hand here, but we can see that it's talking about when will the government shut
down and people are making bets on that the feds decision in December. So this is what I was using
to my advantage, but for the feds decision in October. Okay. So how did I use this to my
advantage? So yesterday this was saying October. Okay. FOMC FOMC and their decisions.
In October. And this was pretty much a 99% chance that the fed was going to decrease rates by 25
bps. So you're probably saying, well, how is this random prediction market site giving you alpha on
the charts? Well, I'll, I'll tell you about it. And I, and I've talked about this on stream before,
and I talked about it, I think in a previous YouTube video, or maybe it was a coaching call
in the blueprint, but regardless, this is such an important tool.
Because we can literally see what the masses are thinking about big decisions that are coming up
and see if these big decisions are already getting priced into the market. So yesterday before we had
interest rate decisions, like getting announced, there was already a 98% chance that the fed was
going to decrease rates by 25 bps. That means the vast majority of people were already under
the assumption that the fed was going to decrease rates by 25 bps. And it was almost guaranteed that
the fed was going to decrease rates by 25 bps. And it was almost guaranteed that the fed was going to
decrease rates by 25 bps. And it was almost guaranteed that the fed was going to decrease rates by 25 bps. Or at least
that's what the mass majority of people were thinking was going to happen into the market.
Now, with that being said, if we go into the market, and we look at the price action prior to
that news event that was supposed to come out, and we look at what happened from Monday, Tuesday
leading up until this Wednesday decision, oh, would you look at that markets were pumping? And
what do we know what happens typically when the Fed ends up decreasing interest rates, the Fed when they
decrease interest rates that typically causes the market to go higher, because again, lower interest
rates just means bullish economy, right? So we can see that on Monday, we gapped up here. And then we
started trading higher, not only did we have interest rates that were going to be affected,
but we also had a federal chairman Powell speech. Okay, so the first thing that was already getting
priced into the market was the fact that hey, the Fed is probably going to decrease rates or is
more than likely going to decrease rates by 25 bps. Boom on Monday, and on Tuesday, what would
what was everybody doing, they were buying into the news. This is all going to translate into the
trade that I took on the plane in a little bit. But this is things that you need to understand. So you
guys can understand my thought process on this. So again, Monday, Tuesday, people were buying into
the news, because again, there was a 98% chance or at least 98% of the people were under the
assumption that hey, the Fed is going to decrease rates. And this is going to be a bullish catalyst
for the market so that on Wednesday at 2pm Eastern Time, when this news hits the market, people are
already knowing what that news is going to be the second news catalyst that we had on Wednesday was
Federal Chairman Powell he and he was speaking 30 minutes after the Fed's interest rate decision,
which came out at 2pm. So Federal Chairman Powell was getting on stage at 2.30pm after
interest rate decisions at 2pm. And then the last big thing in the market was earnings. Okay,
we had Google meta and Microsoft all have their earnings.
actually did not end up beating their earnings. Google ended up beating their earnings as we can
see gapped up massively this morning and Microsoft I Microsoft beat their earnings but ended up
trading down. Now, again, Polly market they have something here for this which is earnings we can
click on this tab. And again, we can see if we scroll through here. So previously on Wednesday,
we had Google meta and Microsoft. So on Wednesday, there was a I believe it was like an around all
three of these guys pretty much had around an
80% chance of beating their earnings. So on Google 80% of people were assuming that Google was going to
beat their earnings. Google ended up beating their earnings and then boom price ended up ripping meta
88% of people were under the assumption that meta was going to beat its earnings. They didn't beat
their earnings and then price ended up tanking Microsoft there was around like a 82% chance that
they were going to beat their earnings. They did end up beating their earnings. But even though
they beat their earnings price and ended up going down now you're probably saying again, how is this
just to be able to understand this going into the market? Well, all three of these massive tech
stocks that realistically are driving the entire market right now the vast majority of just to give
you guys perspective perspective 80% of the stocks and the s&p 500 were down I think it was either
yesterday and there was only 20% of the stock so 80% of the 500 stocks that compile the s&p 500
were red but the 20% that was green ended up causing the
s&p 500 to be up over 1% so these massive tech stocks the stocks that are driving the the mass
majority the market cap within the s&p 500 and within the Nasdaq are pretty much the market
movers right now and in these three are specifically some of the big ones so that's why
that's important but on top of that people were under the assumption I know today we already know
the what had happened to these earnings but all three of these had an 80% chance or what 80% of
them were under the assumption that all three of these tech stocks were going to beat their earnings
we can see that that was already priced into the market so on Monday what did they do they gapped
up people were under the assumption that Microsoft was going to beat its earnings and that people
were buying before earnings came out on Google people were under the assumption that Google was
going to beat its earnings as we can see from Friday going into Monday what happened price
gapped up and people were buying all the way through Monday Tuesday and then boom Wednesday
comes out they
beat their earnings by a lot boom price ends up skyrocketing meta people bro this is crazy this
is exactly what I'm talking about here people were under the assumption that meta was going to beat
their earnings meta ended up gapping up but then when meta loses and ends up losing their earnings
boom flash crash and now we're all the way down here down 12 on the day and honestly this
is a pretty good investment opportunity but I'm not a financial advisor I have no clue what I'm
talking about but those I know I've been rambling but those were the three big big big massive news
Catalyst that were driving this entire I guess you could call it fomc or whatever trade that I
was taking on the plane so with all of these things taken to into account us already being
under the assumption that the fed was going to cut rates by 25 bips the vast majority of people
then federal chairman Powell speaking at two 30, that leads us into the long awaited trade recap.
So this is essentially what I was seeing coming into this. So this red line represents when the
decided to cut rates or when the news came out that rate cuts happened at 2 PM, nothing happened.
Literally nothing happened. There was one tall candle that ended up sweeping out low timeframe
liquidity right here, but this was not significant. We swept out these highs and then just went side,
went sideways. And actually, luckily for me, bro, right when this came out, my phone did not have
connection for around seven minutes. So at around two Oh seven, I was able to get connection to be
able to even see what happened to the market. And I was actually freaking out because I thought I
didn't have the chance to be able to trade this. And luckily we didn't do anything off of it. And
again, this is something that I've been doing for a long time. I've been doing this for a long
time. And again, why, why did we do nothing because of poly market? Because the vast majority
of people, 98% of the people had already bought into the fact that we were going to get that
decision, that decision, everybody knew that that was going to happen. So that decision didn't cause
a drastic move. Whereas if we go back and we look at like meta, for example, people thought they were
going to beat their earnings. So what happens when the decision is actually the opposite of what the
vast majority of people think boom, flash fucking crash, and it's going to cause the market to go
crazy. But because the market, because people were already buying into this news event and pretty
much under the assumption that interest rates were going to get cut and they already knew what
the decision was going to be at 2 PM, nothing happened. There was no high timeframe liquidity
sweep, nothing. So that leads me to waiting for federal chairman Powell's speech. So federal
chairman Powell got on the pulpit at 1430 right here at two 30.
And I had marked out and I'll go ahead and pop up the screen recording again. I'm trying to be as
transparent as possible with you guys here. Um, I'm going to pop up the screen recording of me
marking out the box box here on the S and P 500. And then also me marking out the box here on
NASDAQ. Okay. I marked out these levels of consolidation. Okay. I marked out these levels
of consolidation because we had boom, the FOMC decision, everybody,
already saw that. And then we were going sideways. We were pretty much creating an area of
accumulation before federal chairman Powell got on the stage, federal chairman Powell gets on the
stage on this candle and then whatever he says, his greetings. And then boom, instantly says
something extremely bearish. Now I marked out this box. And then as you guys will see on the
screen recording, I put on two different paths that,
the chart could go. I put a path that with like the little arrow tool that we would either break
out of this box, come up and sweep out these highs and then go lower. Or we break out of this
box, go down, sweep out the hourly lows over here and then go higher. Okay. Now you're probably
saying, well, we broke out to the upside and then we went down. Yes, that's true. However,
when we broke out to the upside, we didn't take out
any of the,
significant draws on liquidity. We didn't even sweep out FOMC highs. We actually broke to the up or
didn't even break to the upside. It was just like a fake out to the upside, but where did we actually
take out significant draws on liquidity? It was through the downside. We took out draws on
liquidity down here. We took out draws on liquidity down here. Okay. That is what the sweep was.
And that is what I based my trade off of because I needed a high timeframe sweep of liquidity for
me to take a trade. So you're probably saying, why didn't you take shorts? Well, initially I
wanted to take shorts today because that was my assumption. I thought we were going to come
through, sweep out these highs and then go down and then target the new week opening gap that we had.
But that wasn't the case. We ended up making the high timeframe sweep to the downside. So as you
guys will see in the screen recording, when I pop it up, I'm constantly writing, oh, I need these
highs to get taken out for me to take profit. Oh, I need these highs because these were the
significant draws on liquidity to the upside after we had taken out the significant draws
on liquidity to the downside. So once we ended up moving down, that's when I ended,
up entering into long positions. Once we broke structure to the upside right here,
that's when I started entering into my longs. So that was the first trade that I took. I ended up
entering into long positions right here. I entered long right here. I had my stops underneath these
lows, um, pretty big stop loss, but I wanted to target all of these highs up here. Okay. That was
my first trade. And then I'm going to go ahead and pop up the screen recording one more time.
As we fast forward through time here,
I marked out this inverse or potential inverse gap. And I I'll again, on the screen recording,
you will see that I said, if we inverse this gap, I'll enter long again. So we ended up,
ended up inversing that gap. I went long again, right here, boom. And then I ended up moving
my stop loss underneath these lows, and then moving my stop loss from these lows down to
these lows, because we ended up making a five minute retrace. Let me go over how I exited this
trade first. So
we have two entries right here with our stops. Now underneath these lows, we have one entry right
up here with my stops underneath these lows. At this point in time, we were kind of going sideways.
I knew that I wanted these highs. I kept squiggling my freaking cursor over it. I'll pop up the screen
recording of me saying I need these highs. I need these highs. That was my overall target for the
day. I wanted these highs to get taken out. That's why I have this green box here. I wanted those
highs to get taken out. Okay. And the entire time I was like, this looks good. This looks good. This
looks good. This looks good. This looks good. This looks good. This looks good. This looks good. This looks
great. We took out the high timeframe draws on liquidity to the downside. We broke out of it.
Things are looking good. This is exactly what I expected. We get this inverse gap here. However,
I got super fucking spooked because we ended up making a five minute bearish SMT divergence from
these highs to these highs. While on the S and P 500, we had these equal highs right here down to
bro. And I'm so, I'm so fucking good at this dude. I'm so nasty down to these highs.
When that SMT divergence was formed. And when notice, I still have this marked out. I ha I made
sure to keep the majority of my drawings on here just so it was easier for me to remember. But
once we made this SMT bearish SMT divergence, and once we inverse this gap on the, on the S and P
500. So at 1528, I closed out of that first trade on NASDAQ. Okay. I closed out of that first trade
on NASDAQ and that trade. I really did.
Not make that much money on that trade. I was only able to make around $32,000. So as you can see,
whereas, um, so I ended up closing all three of those positions. So the two entries right here,
and then the one entry right here on this candle right here. So this entry, I ended up losing money
because I was in drawdown. I probably ended up closing down here, but both of these entries,
I was in profit.
I ended up making a small amount when off of this now onto the next thing that I, that you guys will
notice in the screen recording, I actually pre predicted this bullish SMT forming. Now I was
spooked of the bearish SMT. I wanted to get out with some profit and then just reevaluate everything
that was going on. So after that bearish SMT, I still wanted those highs. And I even, I wanted
to get out of the third and fourth positions.
So let's go ahead and do a check on the S and P 500 now had equal highs on the five minute timeframe,
and then also low resistance highs on the five minute timeframe. And then what did I notice? I saw the
S and P 500 come down, sweep out these five minute lows, and then make lower lows while on NASDAQ,
we did not sweep out those lows in turn, making a five minute SMT dye.
Okay.
the lows that swept out these lows on es and we made this five minute smt divergence again i'm
going to pop up the screen recording of me writing out possible smt divergence if es sweeps out these
lows on my trading view while i was on the plane predicting that this would happen i actually i
thought it was going to happen on this move down but it actually happened on this move down but
regardless i was still able to predict that there was going to be an smt divergence off of these
lows now once we created that smt divergence bro this is when i went right back in so once we broke
structure to the upside on this candle right here boom max longs again i ended up going taking three
long positions with my stops underneath these lows with my targets being these highs okay i entered
into three long positions right here with my stops being underneath these lows and my target being
these highs
up here and then the rest is really history because we had that five minute smt divergence
the entire time i really wanted these highs really freaking bad we ended up getting them and
actually bro funny enough i was panicking because price came up right here i'll show
the screen recording of it price came up right here swept out these highs and after we swept
out those highs i was like we started making candlesticks down
and es didn't sweep out these highs and i was like oh no it's an smt dive it's an smt divergence
it's a bearish smt divergence these these are the only highs that we're going to take out price is
going to actually end up going down now and i didn't have connection i was trying to close
my trade out right here and i didn't have connection for like three or like two minutes and
so i'm just watching and waiting and then i finally get connection back on this candle and i'm like
bro now now like i don't want to close i don't want to close i don't want to close i don't want to close
because i'm so much lower from my take profit point so i was like it these high time
frame highs haven't been taken out these fomc data highs haven't been taken out yet taken out yet
i'm just going to sit here and hold and then price ends up ripping up hitting these highs
and then once we hit these highs again i'm panicking i'll show the screen recording
my trade locker isn't reloading i don't have wi-fi i'm reloading i'm reloading i'm reloading
and then while this is happening i'm trying to close out my trade and then price ends up
ripping all the way up here hitting full take profit and i'm actually able to close all the way
up here and like top ticking it and then as we can see right after that price ends up dumping down i
got respectfully i got really lucky with that exit i probably should not have made as much
money as i did on this trade by being able to get out up here when i did but shout out to delta wi-fi
ended up working i'm never going to trade on a plane again and that pretty much gives
you guys the full entire trade recap of how i made 401 thousand dollars on fomc i'm going to pull up
my trade zella here now for you guys so you guys can see both of the trades that i took
it's going to be split up into multiple positions but you guys will be able to see
what i'm talking about here let me just get signed in so
was a trading day October 29th all right so these were the one these were the six
positions that I took as you guys can see so this was the losing trade that I
mentioned both of these were the winning trades that I mentioned trades Ella
factors in fees included so it's a little bit different numbers than what
gets shown on my trade locker but it's the same it's just the fees included so
if you look in the top right hand corner if you guys saw my Instagram
story you guys will see like the the fees and shit and you can just add that
or subtract the fees from the overall balance but anyways yeah the loss that I
took it was around thirty thousand dollars the two wins that I took it was
around twenty five thousand and thirty five thousand dollars so giving me
around like a whatever that is like a 32 K win ish right or less no like a
thirty thousand dollar win and then the this was the last trade three
positions I could see that you guys would see a lot of like a lot of
positions all ended up hitting full take profit i wonder if there's and then okay overall on the
month still down twenty six thousand dollars but it's um a much better much better way to
close out october than how it was looking previously again amen i guess maybe i should
just start trading fomc every single time because i'm two for two now but i'm not gonna lie like i
was doing that last two months if i did that again last fomc i came in with a plan this fomc
as you guys as i showed you guys like i came in with a plan i was using the data from polymarket
i was looking at people pricing in the fed's interest rate decisions i was looking at people
pricing in the earnings decisions and all of those things went into the the trade that i took it
wasn't just you know willy-nilly see what is going to happen but yeah guys that pretty much
sums up how my trading day went
Try and get this uploaded as soon as possible for you guys.
And yeah, hopefully you guys enjoyed this video.
This was crazy, crazy, crazy trading day.
If you guys haven't signed up to the three-day live event, do it.
There's a link in the description.
That being said, I love and appreciate you boys.
Peace.


==============================
VIDEO 042 — Live Day Trading Making $64,214 (I RISKED WAY TOO MUCH)-zU8XCP_cp3U
==============================

All right, guys. Market's already open, and it's pretty much playing out how I want to currently.
We have a high timeframe bullish SMT divergence from these lows down to these lows on NASDAQ,
and then from these lows up to these lows on the S&P 500. We've had a pretty steep sell-off
throughout all of London session. I'm expecting New York market to eat back up some of those
losses that have happened overnight and during pre-market. I'm expecting a lot of buyers to
come in on Friday because we've had a super steep sell-off on all of these indexes and on
all of these stocks. All of these stocks, as we can see, they gap down. All of these tech stocks
have been kind of tanking the last week, and it's been providing for, honestly, good entries.
Seeing a big monthly retrace candle like this, this is actually pretty optimal on companies
like NVIDIA, Palantir, Robinhood, Meta, Google. I mean, barely on Google.
Alibaba, like all of these big AI tech stock companies that are getting these big retraces
down. It's nice to see that we're finally getting retraces. But whatever, that's correlating to the
stock market right now. As we can see, we have a pretty steep sell-off from last week and this
week on NASDAQ as well. We finally took out these daily lows that I wanted us to take out,
and I think that we're going to have a pretty steep sell-off. I think that we're going to have
a pretty steep sell-off. I think that we're going to have a pretty steep sell-off. I think that we're
going to have a pretty steep sell-off. I think that we're going to have a pretty steep sell-off. We will just continue lower.
I really think that we can come down, and I think, I mean, I don't know. I think my final take,
not take profit, but my final targets for this overall retrace on NASDAQ or the S&P 500 is right
here. These previous all-time highs, I would love for us to get that big of a dip, and I'll just
continue dollar-cost averaging into my S&P 500 and my NASDAQ positions. Again, we kind of do have
this high time frame, low resistance draws and liquidity stacked up, and NASDAQ was just able
to pierce this low, so that's like the first step, and then if we take out this low, then it's kind
of looking like, okay, we might as well take out these lows too, and then once we take out these
lows, then boom, we're retesting all-time highs, and then I think we'll be set up pretty good for
2026 or 2027, whenever that happens, but that's kind of what I'm seeing. Obviously,
this is on the high time frame. We scaled down. We are currently getting
bullish price action, so that's what we want to focus on right now. ES is currently the leading
index. NASDAQ pushed underneath these lows. ES is the leading index. I'm looking just to,
okay, we had market open, came down, swept underneath pre-market lows. Same thing here
on NASDAQ. We broke structure to the upside. ES haven't quite broke structure to the upside just
yet. There's not really any significant draws on liquidity to the downside,
for the S&P 500, which, not that I'm struggling with that, but it leads me to be thinking,
hey, if we go up higher and we take out these highs, what else is there to target for us?
Not that much. There's no real high time frame draws. The best high time frame draw for the
S&P 500 is...
Is these lows right here. Even though we're making this bullish S&P divergence,
I kind of have to keep that in mind, because for me, draws on liquidity right now are...
The obvious draw on liquidity right now is to the downside, versus the other draws are all the way
up here. All the way up here, not really super duper enticing. NASDAQ's coming up and actually
taking out all of these low resistance draws.
Bro, NASDAQ takes out this high. Bro, yeah, I'm going to be looking for fucking shorts,
bro. NASDAQ, whatever, sweep down, sweep back up. We take out these highs. Dude, we'll probably
end up getting a bearish S&P divergence. NASDAQ takes out these highs. ES fails to
take them out. Awesome. We can short on ES and then target this draw on liquidity. That's
kind of how I feel about it. I don't know. It's kind of how I feel about it. Also, Bitcoin,
dude, we're finally in this green box. I just bought another Bitcoin, or I bought in with
another $100,000. Over the past two to three weeks, I've bought eight Bitcoin. I bought some
when we got underneath 100K. I bought some when we got underneath 105K. I just bought another one
now that we're in this 95K area.
Even if we go lower, bro, I'll just keep accumulating. Honestly, it would be dope if
we go lower. I'll buy fucking 20 Bitcoin down here, bro. The cheaper it gets, the more I want
it. Again, I'm not a financial advisor, but I think we do have one more leg up on BTC.
That's just kind of how I feel about it before we get a true, true rotation all the way down,
but we'll see. NASDAQ's reaching for these highs here. Okay, so NASDAQ. NASDAQ took out these
highs. ES is underneath these highs. Now, we're kind of getting toward that time that I would want
to start seeing a rotation. Pretty healthy retrace into this hourly gap here. No. I heard of ES.
Fuck. Is this the right one? I don't think it is. Oh, yeah, it is. Bro. Okay, so NASDAQ's
ripping. Let's see if ES wants these highs. My Bitcoin went through. Yeah, of course.
Okay, ES is ripping. Let's see if ES takes out those highs. Sorry, I had to take my antibiotics,
bro. I went to the ER yesterday. Isn't that fucking crazy? I went to the emergency room.
Insane.
Like, what are we doing? What are we doing? So, we're making this bullish SMT,
and we've moved past these highs on ES. It's kind of leading me to want to potentially be bullish.
The things that I'm going to be paying attention to are really like the lower time frame,
the lower time frames. I know that sounds,
like, obvious, but paying attention to, like, these five-minute gaps here. Do we have a gap
right here? No. Yeah, so, like, paying attention to this five-minute gap here.
As we come and retrace down, one, do we inverse it? Two, do we even come to it?
Other things that I'll be focusing on is, like, I mean, I never really use those,
but it's because there's no other confluence. We have this order block and this breaker block
right here.
Okay. And all of these are kind of lined up correctly. I think once we close this bullish
hourly candlestick, we're going to get a retrace down anyways, or we're going to get a move down
anyways. It just depends on if that move down is to push us higher, which is a possibility,
or if that move down is to send at least the S&P 500 lower to this high time frame draw on liquidity,
which also is a possibility.
Time will tell. Time will tell. The way that price is moving though,
it makes me feel like Nasdaq wants these highs before we would want to go lower.
Yes, I don't think we'll come up and grab these highs. If Nasdaq can grab these highs.
I mean, it's already 950. Nasdaq is just moving up. And again, like, this is what I expected,
kind of on the fundamental bias of the fact that, look, you know, tech stocks are down a drastic
amount. So, buy or sell? Buy or sell? Buy or sell? Buy or sell? Buy or sell? Buy or sell? Buy or sell? Buy or sell? Buy or sell?
mouth we just took out a super high time frame draw on liquidity here um on the four hour you
know what are what are what are investors what are investors going to do when they see their
their favorite stock nvidia you know what are investors going to do when they see that nvidia
is down fucking 15 from the highs and like nasdaq is trading lower on the open they're going to want
to buy that you know so it just depends on um how much more how much more strength that they
can put in but also like this initial move up was expected um it's exactly what i was expecting
just off of the head like knowing the traders mindset of um these are valuable stocks they
are down significantly from the highs there's extreme fear in the market and we just came down
and we swept out a significant draw on liquidity
you know if there's extreme fear there's been a lot of selling and we hit a significant draw on
liquidity in the market what's likely going to happen we're we're going to get moves up now
so yes it's still chilling down here when nasdaq continues to get higher and higher up
it's low-key feeling like nasdaq is just going to go all the way up here and take out these highs
um i think es is going to stay right stay right put
so
it's hard to say whether or not i um even want to take a trade off of this today
because we have these drastic moves down drastic moves up all right
nasdaq nasdaq is gunning for these highs literally not a single black candle or down
candle in sight whatsoever that's the thing though if nasdaq doesn't grab these highs
it's obvious that obvious that nasdaq wants these highs right here right if nasdaq starts giving us
a five minute retrace then i'll just simply long up to these highs if nasdaq gives us a five minute
retrace down before taking out these highs bet this to me seems like there's just a bunch of
this to me just seems like bread up here so if nasdaq wants to start a retrace
it looks like es is slowing down it looks like nasdaq slowing down i don't know there's a pretty
close gap right now but if we can get like a healthy five minute retrace on nasdaq down um
then yeah i'll just be willing to long up until these highs because i don't really i don't want
to short against this trend it's just like yesterday bro or just like yesterday and the
day prior it's like i took i took the opposite trade of what i should have like i got fucked up
up like yesterday we had a huge sell-off um i traded towards the strong john liquidity
i got stopped out the day prior when i didn't do that i got stopped out
playing the wrong side of the field for both trading days it is what it is um but
i think that this is pretty clean right here especially if we inverse this hourly gap you know
we can inverse this hourly gap get a deep healthy retrace in here then boom we can target these
highs see what the four hours in for that's what i would want all right so we're going to inverse
that hourly gap now because the 10 a.m candle is opening i think that we can look for a pretty
solid retrace here on the five minute we're definitely not going to come into this gap
but um it it's literally just going to be as simple as
seeing if we can get a pretty solid retrace here on the five minute we're definitely not
going to come into this gap but um it it's literally just going to be as simple as seeing
a change in order flow on the one minute um but again that's all if we don't come up and take out
these highs so the 10 a.m candle has opened what i would want to see would just be a simple break
of one minute structure to the downside um on either of these indexes showing me that hey
you know we're we're getting that proper five minute retrace in by changing direction on the
one minute and then all that i would be looking for would be a change in direction back to the
upside on the one minute and then go ahead and long up till the
upside on the one minute and then go ahead and long up to these highs because that's a that's the
draw liquidity for the day there's no doubt about it for nasdaq we got bullish smt divergence um
you know wait okay cool yes okay nice we're getting some down candles here
not quite a full break yet but slowly but surely again you know if we could come down
sweep out some of these lows let's see es has a little five minute gap right here that i wouldn't
mind you know i just want a strong healthy five minute down candle and then just see a clean and
simple one minute um change in order flow back to the upside via inverse for value gap break
of structure to the upside you guys know the drill let's first see this break down nasdaq
is obviously the more bullish pair that's the trade that i'm going to want to take the trade on
um there's not many confluences here i mean we have this five minute gap it doesn't really matter
as long as we just get that change in order flow that's all that i care about ah damn okay so we
don't break structure there but we we've already broken structure the downside on es so um i would
like i would like a deeper i'd like a deeper retrace than this one that we have right here
fill in this bearish gap nice es is going lower
nasdaq let's just get a break of structure dude even though it's the more bullish pair but
i would like to see a deeper retrace than what we're getting right now i wouldn't really want to
see the price turn around just yet as long as we can close this candlestick bearish that would be
ideal new lows that we have to target for the breaker structure yes it's already broke i want
to make sure that nasdaq damn bro are we really gonna inverse this gap right now even if we
inverse it i don't want okay good
we didn't okay we have 54 seconds left on this five minute down candle
let's see if es breaks structure the upside here if es breaks structure and nasdaq inverses this gap
then we're good to go long and just trade it up to these highs nice i would like for us to go lower
nice get a healthier retrace nice nice nice nice now that's a good looking five minute
candle now we're talking now we're talking we're still in a good position if nasdaq inverse now
i we look great if nasdaq inverses this gap right here to the upside but long up to the highs
bs break structure here but let's see here damn bro are we going to do it in one single
candle i would hope not if we close all the way up here we just gotta go long
damn bro this going without me no bro okay well luckily i got a decent fill i was able to get
filled right here never mind it's kind of a fill what does es look like yes looks
similar imagine this comes and just barrels my stop it's very possible there's no shot we get
that close to these highs right man this is a horrible wrist reward bro eight weight feel like we
want to go lower which is kind of spooky for me like we might crash down and take out this low
and this low but i don't know if we can just get the juice needed just please if we want to go
lower just do it after we take out those five-minute highs just do it after we take out
the hourly highs bro we already made yeah bro that's a huge hourly wick there's no way that we
want to go lower than that come on man i'm not getting fake watches man guys uh you guys wrong
fuck up to hang it i can't hold off for too long this iron man ag
i want to go even slower with my scriptures and sportswear with Xbox and stuff like that please
um it's not worth it bro is it wrong some of the things we are right now but we are setting
Come on, man. Come on, man. Come on, man. Come on, man. Come on, man. Come on, man.
Man. Man. No. Oh, man. Come on, man. Come on, man.
I'm getting smoked, bro. The past month, dude, has not been good.
Stopped out. Lost $70,620 on that one.
Okay, we're getting a deeper leg down here, I guess.
Probably going to manipulate these five-minute lows.
Maybe come into this 15-minute gap. Maybe come into this five-minute gap here.
I'm not done today. I'm definitely not done today, bro.
Definitely not fucking done today. Definitely not done on this one, bro.
I'm going to dub the fuck out of this NASDAQ trade, bro.
There's no way we leave those highs.
There's no way we leave those highs after inversing a one-hour gap like that, bro.
There's no fucking shot that that happens.
I'm dubbing this.
I'm telling you, bro. Right now would be the prime time to just punch a long in.
I'm telling you. Right now.
Right now would be the time.
Right now would be the time to clock that bitch in.
I'm watching these gaps to get inversed.
I'm watching this gap to get inversed.
If we inverse this gap, I'm fucking punching in longs, dude.
Punching them in.
Can you hear me?
Clock that shit in, Edward.
Oh, God, yeah.
If we inverse this, I'm going long.
Inverse it, bitch.
Inverse it.
Inverse it, I freaking dare you.
I'm literally full fucking porting.
I'm full porting up to those highs.
I'm full porting up to those highs the second that we inverse this gap.
Don't take out the highs without me, man.
Don't take out the highs without me, bro.
Without me, bro.
Don't take out the highs without me.
Are you fucking kidding me right now?
Don't take out the highs without me, bro.
Oh, my.
Are you fucking kidding me, dude?
I'm going long.
With way too much money.
I went in with way too much money.
We'll figure this out, though.
There will be a way for me to move my stop.
I did not think that that was going to be that much.
Just so you guys understand, this much of drawdown, or when we got down here, I was down $40,000.
$40,000.
$40,000.
$40,000.
$40,000.
$40,000.
$40,000.
$40,000.
$40,000.
$40,000.
$40,000.
$40,000.
$40,000.
$40,000.
$40,000.
All the way down here, this would be like a $200-something thousand dollar loss.
Maybe even, yeah, maybe even more.
We need to find a spot to be able to move my stop loss.
We need to find a spot to be able to move the stop for sure, like 1 million percent.
Yeah.
Can't move my stop until we get bullish confluences out of these, out of one of these one minute
confluences, and that's kind of an issue right now.
Yeah, like when we got down here, like I'm currently down $100.
$100.
$100.
$100.
$100.
$100.
$100.
$100.
$100.
$100.
On this it's a lot.
It's a lot.
It's not out of this and then, yeah, if we can get that, then I'm immediately moving
a stop.
Looking capping, we broke, should have done, so I don't know, one minute.
On ES, we've got to break out of this zone shit that we're in.
It's good.
I don't want to move my stop yet because we could do like a sweep and then move higher.
It's hard because, oh, hot guy.
like that's that's really as far as i would want to let price go for real we got to turn this shit
around if we can get a bullish candle like this then i'm comfortable moving my stop underneath
here if it stays bearish yeah bearish i don't like it as much i would like to see maybe
yeah if this next candle can even just push a wick above this high then i'm
completely comfortable moving my stop underneath this candlestick wick right here but right now i'm
um oops damn okay i like where i like where we're at now okay still in this
i haven't moved my stop yet
there's just no fucking shot we leave these highs like this please i'm literally exiting out of two
two of my positions and then letting one letting one run with um
very managed
stops. Yes, bro. Holy shit, dude. Get me out of this over leveraged ass position, please.
Get me out of here. Thank you. Oh my. Okay. Wow. Oh, okay. Really bad. Okay. Now I'm only down
$21,000. I'm moving my stop loss underneath these lows. I still have extended take profits
because I think that we can potentially go higher. We have this as the top of the
one hour gap on ES. We can also target these highs. I think NASDAQ is going to want to come
up and take out these highs. Wow, bro. Talk about... Okay. So now I'm only down $21,660
bucks today. That makes me feel a lot better. I was very, very...
Oh man, over leveraged on that position. That was not good, bro. And this position as a whole
was not good. Looking back on this entire trading day as a whole, I shouldn't have been trading
today. I was literally in the ER yesterday. I don't know what I was thinking. This was an
emotional trading day for sure. This was not something that I'm proud of. Not a proud trading
day.
Where the market wanted to go, this was a... I mean, it wasn't in terms of this entry. I mean,
I could have gotten a better one, sure. Maybe could have just entered off the one minute
SMT divergence from these lows up to these lows and from these lows down to these lows.
But what was I saying? But the leverage is where I fucked up bad or just,
yeah, the contract size. That was very bad. We're at least sort of out of it now.
Kind of the sticky situation that I'm in right now is the fact that my stop loss on
the rest of this position is still underneath these lows. And I don't really want to move it
to break even because we very well could retrace to break even and then continue higher.
I think NASDAQ wants these highs. And I think ES wants these hourly highs, especially.
If we're planning on inversing this gap, I don't know, especially with a candle like that.
I don't really see that bearish movement, at least I don't think.
I think we could potentially get these highs. Sad thing is if I end up getting stopped out on
this, then I pretty much end up at the same, if not a worse position than I was just off the
first trade losing.
It'll put me at a worse position. Yeah, if I lose this, then I
lose, then I'll be down like 90k instead of, what was it before? 60k.
So I'd like to be able to take some partials at these highs and move my stop to break even.
I mean, I think if we push past these highs, I think we're bound to take these highs out.
Tricky trading day, tricky trading.
A low key might just close my entire position. If we take out these highs, move my stop loss
underneath here, maybe. Grab the hourly highs, we're so fucking close.
Dude, are you fucking playing with me right now? Dick's length away, bro.
Do it, bro. Please do it for me, bro. Bang it. Bang it. Thank you. Okay. Nice. Feels good,
man.
Okay. Now we are going to move stop loss in slight profit here underneath these lows.
So that puts us low key, bro. I might just close everything here. It might just be smart.
These are the hourly highs. Once ES takes out these hourly highs, I'll close everything on
NASDAQ. Once ES takes out these hourly highs, then I'll close everything on NASDAQ because I
think ES is going to take out everything on NASDAQ.
That puts me at a profit for the day, which again, believe it or not, only a $12,000, $12,378
and 68 cents. Could have been 67 cents if I closed two seconds later. But if or when ES
takes out these hourly highs, I mean, low key, I'm thinking about just like closing it right now,
but I don't know. We'll see what gets hit first, this or the hourly highs on ES.
Probably get hit at the same time though. Once one of these gets hit, then I'll close for full
take profit. Whichever one happens first, this or ES's hourly highs. If this gets hit, then we'll
be up 50K for the day. But bro, it could have been a much bigger... Okay. I'm going to close
everything here. Nice. Lit. Let's see. Did ES take out the hourly highs? It's about to. Bro, honestly,
I made the fucking most out of what I could have today. Oh, wow. It should have been a much bigger
and better day, but it is what it is. I mean, shit, bro. I'll leave with a $64,000 dub on the
day. I'll take that any day of the week. I'll take that any day of the week. This is what we're
looking like. Okay. It's actually not, it's not too hot,
but this is what we're looking like on the month of November. We're down 153K because we had that
big loss on Friday, losing 174,000. And then we pretty much made it all, made it all back damn
near on Monday. We made 130K and then we lost around, I mean, okay. With fees included. Yeah.
I mean, it was 20K, but wait, there's no fucking way.
Maybe one of the trades didn't close when I checked, but, oh, I mean, shit, bro. I guess
40K on Wednesday and then another 132K. And then we were able to make back half of this loss
by making $62,000 today. So negative 174K for week one of November, or at least the trading
week one of November, 21K for week two of November.
We have to have a better,
week next week. Really, I mean, because I've been sizing up, obviously, I mean,
I told you guys this last time, but I'm sizing up in November. So the goal is for me to turn
this around. And then ideally, you know, if we turn it around, we can end in the green,
like 150K or in the green, maybe 300K and kind of start consistently. I mean, we've been doing it
for a long time. I mean, we've been seeing these big swings and this has kind of been my
stable throughout the past couple of months. So last month was a bad month, but the month prior
obviously did really good. And then August did really good. Like if I can keep my months around
here, if not a little bit higher, see, like we're staying in like the pretty steady six figures a
month range. But obviously there's down months that are involved with that or like break evens.
Months like October was a break even month. July was a break even month. But other than that,
like all the other months have been green, which is pretty good. So again, it's just, you know,
as long as we don't, I mean, even if we get one of these months, it's not the end of the world,
but it's obviously nice for us to not have something like that. But anyways, that's that
for trade recap for the day. I appreciate you boys. I'll see you guys.
On Monday.


==============================
VIDEO 043 — Live Day Trading Making $7,052 (I BROKE MY TRADING RULES)-npbvcGXKDRE
==============================

All right, boys, this is how I made $7,000 day trading NASDAQ this morning.
We had a no news Monday today. And honestly, price action was pretty yucky. I cannot lie.
But I made the most out of it and had to actually adjust my bias multiple times. But
it is what it is. I ended up making some money. And yeah, that's really all that matters about
trading is making money and making sure your bias is correct. So let me go over my high time
bias. Oh, yeah. Also, we were talking about trade wars on stream. If you guys aren't watching me,
I go live every single morning on kick at 9 a.m. Eastern time, pretty much doing exactly what I'm
showing you guys right now, live trading in front of you guys. So on the four hour time frame,
we are in this massive downtrend. Okay, we have these high time frame lows,
underneath here, there really isn't much to go off on the four hour, we have this four hour
imbalance right here. The main thing that I was looking at was on the hourly time frame.
So on the hourly time frame, we had this hourly imbalance right here. And we had previously came
through swept out liquidity and then sold off. And we are now playing within this internal
liquidity. Same thing here on the S&P 500. Okay, we had had, we're actually forming a high time
T right now as well, which is even more confluence for us to take out these high time frame lows.
But again, we have high time frame lows all the way down here. On top of that, on the four hour,
we didn't have much, we had this hourly imbalance, but that ended up getting invalidated
upon market open. And that was part of the reason why I thought we were going to go up and take out
those highs on NASDAQ because we ended up breaking hourly structure. And for me, I was like, okay,
cool. That means we'll,
probably want to go up and take out these highs here. So going into market open during London
session, we had a five minute SMT for this sell off during pre-market. So we had higher highs on
ES and lower highs on NASDAQ. NASDAQ ended up selling off
heavier than ES because that's expected. ES was the lagging index. And we actually form another
SMT at these lows here. So we have these lows to these lows, and this is happening during our
manipulation timeframe. Okay. Right before our macro opens and on ES, we actually don't end up
making those lows. So now NASDAQ is the lagging index. Okay. We also made like, there was so many
SMTs. We have this SMT, but then really what we want to look at is when market open. Okay. So
market opened, we come down, we make these lows. So we have these lows here. So we have these lows
here. So we have this bullish SMT. And then on top of that, we make another bullish SMT. If we look
or actually, sorry, no, we, we don't my bad, but we make a bullish SMT on the five minute right
here. We had a one minute bullish SMT. But that doesn't really matter. Mainly I'm looking for
SMTs on the five minute. So we have this bullish SMT during our manipulation timeframe on ES.
We can see that we ended up breaking structure, the upside on the five minute invalidating.
Barish order flow. So from there, really just looking for bullish order flow to show
continuation. We get this little retrace down. There wasn't really much to consider. There wasn't
really any fair value gaps. So the best that you could have done would just say, Hey, look,
we have order block and a breaker, both like this up candles, the breaker, this down candles,
the order block. We ended up pushing in there and then you would have to find a one minute entry.
But on NASDAQ, we actually had an
imbalance in here. And that's what I was going off of. So we ended up breaking five minute
structure when the macro hit again, invalidating bearish order flow. We had the SMT. There's a lot
of things to go off of here. We have these London session highs. And on top of that, we have,
we had three relative equal highs. So if we take out all of this, we can see boom relative equal
high right here. And then we can see boom relative equal high right here. And then boom relative
that somebody in the kick chat was like, Oh, it's going to be another bearish SMT off this because
this made a high and NASDAQ didn't take out those highs. And I was like, no, bro, we're just going,
this is just relative equal, like relative equal highs because we're not going to get an SMT and
then another SMT off of the same exact highs. We're not going to hit an SMT, hit another SMT,
then hit another SMT. Like that's just the accordion pattern. So after seeing that,
after seeing the five minute breakup structure, I was looking for a continuation of five minute
order flow. We have this imbalance right here and then boom, price ends up selling off,
filling it perfectly. And then boom, we get an up candle on the one minute. We were this entire
time. We were also maintaining one minute bullish structure. My stop loss wasn't there. It was
underneath these lows, but we were also maintaining one minute bullish structure. Okay. My first take
profit was this high right here because I expected, again, relative equal highs to all get
taken out. And then my second take profit was all the way up here. These were other London session
highs that did not end up getting hit. And yeah, I was only able to hit take profit one and then
the rest was stopped out of breakeven. And I'm okay with that. Today was a no news Monday. We
are literally just seeing really choppy price action right now. We're literally just consolidating.
So
it is what it is. It's difficult to trade on a no news Monday. And I'm just happy that I was
able to get out in a slight profit of $7,000. So yeah, that was the main overview for today.
It was just longs up into these highs. It got hit literally instantly after like four minutes. So
that was nice. And yeah, a pretty, pretty simple day. If you guys want to see me doing this live
every single morning, again, watch me on kick. And if you guys want to know how,
I use all of these concepts, how I put them together, you guys can go ahead and apply to
my trading blueprint where I do full coaching, full mentoring for you guys. And there's going
to be a link for the application to that down below and also a link to my kick streams down
below. All right. So with that being said, love and appreciate you guys. Peace out.


==============================
VIDEO 044 — Live Day Trading Making $7,370 (HOW TO FIND DAILY BIAS)-MzJK2-NDOhk
==============================

What is good guys this is how I made $7,370 day trading the S&P 500 today. I took two trades
the first trade was a loss and then the second trade right after that was a big fat W. So we
were going to explain both the thought processes of the trades. The first trade was a bit dumb
I mean obviously because I lost the second trade obviously ended up playing out in my favor. So
first things first we came into the market with a huge London session sell-off and on top of that
so again going into the the overall bias for I guess the week is I really need this weekly gap
to get filled and I think we will probably want to go and fill it either over tonight or by tomorrow
that would be ideal but this gap on both ES and NASDAQ most definitely needs to be filled
completely.
And we it's a new week opening gap and I guess new day opening gap as well and as we know those
are super high time frame draws on liquidity which was the overall bias for my long position today.
So with that being said we'll explain the first trade obviously the first trade was a dumb trade
to have taken so don't copy what I did on this. So we had these London session lows or it was
actually right here these London session lows we swept these and then we started making five
minute bulls charts.
But then boom market opens we come back down we take out pre-market lows and we had this previous
week or this previous week slash previous day low that was a high time frame draw on liquidity and
was actually much easier draw on liquidity to hit than to be targeting this right it just makes so
much more sense for price to want to go down and get there and I actually told that to the stream
but I also again I'm every time I lose a trade bro I'm marrying bias.
Marrying my my whatever my bias and I'm not reading what the market is telling me to do
um I need to just you know let the market tell me exactly where it wants to fucking go.
So with me marrying this weekly uh week week new week opening gap I'm like okay bet I want
longs we come down we sweep out pre-market lows and then we invalidate this five minute
um this five minute gap so I'm like okay cool there's an inverse for value gap
and now this blue line is an order block so we come down into the order block
and I'm thinking like oh this is great we come into this one minute order block this five minute
order block uh we also came into the five minute breaker a whole bunch of confluences on my end and
then again I've I fucked up on this um I thought that we inversed this gap and I did not take
enough time to sit back and look and see that this actually didn't get inversed we actually closed
perfectly equal with the order block and then I'm like oh this is great we come into this one minute
gap um and then boom I entered off that and then get stopped out literally one single candle later
so that was the first that was the first trade what I failed to see was and what I failed to
even think about was the five minute SMT that was actually one of the confluences for the short here
um which is funny because I literally entered short on the very next candle once I realized
what like I went long I got stopped out and then I realized the mistake that I made
then proceeded to make way more money than the the money that I lost but again I could have made so
much more money if I just let let the market tell me exactly what it wanted to do if I just was a
little bit more patient and that is something that has fucked me up for the past like two
trading days really um because the last trading day I lost like fifteen thousand dollars luckily
on this trading day I was able to make money um but patience and marrying my bias has definitely
been um
something that and again like I'm a profitable trader and it's you know these are things that
people that trade frequently and consistently consistency like consistently like sometimes
my confidence gets the best of me but anyways after I get stopped out of this I didn't realize
like okay or I did realize that we were making a five minute SMT but I was I was just thinking
Nasdaq is lagging and Nasdaq will end up coming up above these highs that was not the case Nasdaq
came up we inversed this five-minute gap which again was like part of my bias of okay yeah like
Nasdaq inverse this gap we're gonna go higher but a matter of fact it was just coming into this
five-minute order block right here um so boom we have a high right here lower high right here
SMT divergence if you guys are new to this channel and you guys have no clue what I'm saying if it's
just absolute gibberish to you I just released a five hour long video on how you guys can learn
literally every single one of these comps concepts and learn how to start your business from scratch
day trading with absolutely zero knowledge so go watch that video if you guys want to understand
literally every single one of these concepts that I'm talking about anyways um the we make
a five minute SMT right here we break one minute structure we fill in this one minute fair value
gap and then boom I get stopped out and this is actually the confirming candle for me to end up
going short funny enough um I was able to get filled like in the middle of this one minute
I got stopped out and then I was like holy shit how could I be so dumb and then yep I price ended
up going down took partial profits here took full profits at the previous uh week or previous day
low whatever you want to call it whatever that may be to you and yeah I made a whole bunch of
money on this I think I made like 13 000 or something on this and then I lost I can't
remember how much on this one look I can see yeah I lost five thousand dollars on the long position
and then I made twelve thousand something dollars on the short position so overall um I would still
call this a w trading day because I was a I know it like revenge trade uh not really the best look
but um I only lost five thousand dollars and I'm looking to start increasing my risk size like
super super soon because as you guys know I made a shit ton of money gambling over the weekend
that was awesome and
it like genuinely freed up a whole bunch of capital for a guy like me to reinvest that into
myself reinvest it into long-term assets and I I just got really freaking lucky so
huge freaking shout out um to my luck but it just played out in my favor I am definitely looking to
increase risk as this um year continues on we're pretty much at the end uh or nearing the end of
the first quarter so first quarter I'm looking to increase my risk size and I'm looking to increase
my risk size and I'm looking to increase my risk size in the first quarter I started off a little
bit slow um and I was just trying to get back into the swing of things because I didn't trade at all
or like for the majority of quarter four quarter one getting back into the swing of things quarter
two I'm going hard as quarter three I'm going hard as and I'm super excited to get back
into making a whole bunch of money in trading because crypto is just like we're not even talking
about crypto right now uh it's been an absolute fucking mess and I'm at the point now where I
don't want to think about it and I don't want to talk about it and I don't even want to see it so
that's my thoughts on crypto for everybody that keeps asking my thoughts are let's make money
day trading to make up for our crypto losses all right so with that being said I appreciate you
bros got a vlog coming out later today so stay tuned or actually we will drop the vlog first
and then I'll go ahead and upload this trade recap so if you guys haven't watched the vlog
watch the vlog first and then come through watch this trade recap all right bros peace out


==============================
VIDEO 045 — Live Day Trading Making $9,108 (TRADING IS SO EASY)-yREOccH0x0E
==============================

Ladies and gentlemen, this is how I made $9,000 day trading the NASDAQ this morning.
And everybody lock in, everybody lock in, everybody lock in.
First and foremost, what the fuck? Flash crash. Okay. Trump is the worst. Blah, blah, blah.
Don't demonetize me. Trump sucks. I love, I love Trump sucks. If you're trans, I love it.
If you're not, I hate you. BLM month, Martin Luther King, Malcolm X, Kamala Harris,
LeBron James. Okay. That's enough for today. Let's look at what the market did. Okay. Coming
into like, bro, if you guys didn't understand this, I don't know what else I did. The market
literally gave you free fucking money, bro. If you can't understand this, quit trading. I'm kidding.
If you're new, if you're new, there's going to be a link in the description to buy the day trading
blueprint where I can teach you exactly. Okay. I'm just kidding. But for real though, link in
the description. Okay. But dead ass, this shit was literally free bands. Okay. Market opens,
comes up, sweeps out London session highs from there. Boom. This was a little bit tricky because
we didn't break five minutes structure, but it's clear and obvious that we're,
so far down towards these five, five minute swing lows that five minute bullish structure can no
longer be respected due to there literally being no confluences that price could react off of
underneath this. We see price literally come down and sweep out these lows. So after seeing
a high timeframe sweep and then price come down past these five minute lows, it's safe to assume
that five minute bullish order flow has been invalidated from there. What am I looking for?
It retrace into what a fair value gap guys. This is so simple. Literally a monkey such as myself
can do it. I did it like bro. Like I really don't today was free as shit. We come down. Then what
happens? We fill in this five minute fair value gap. Then what am I looking for? Either a break
of structure or an inverse for value gap. We get a break of structure on the one minute. Awesome.
I'm in stop loss above these one minute highs.
First target is these London session lows. Second target is equilibrium of the four hour swing from
these lows up to these highs. Second take profit is this one hour fair value gap. All take profits
ended up getting hit except I'm not a capper. I'm not going to bullshit you guys. Okay. My first
take profit got hit. I closed 50% of my position and then the rest of mine got stopped out until
it just ran down and hit the rest of my take profits. And then you guys are probably wondering,
why did the market go?
So freaking crazy. Well, simple shit. Let me tell you little baby boy, little Timmy. That is net
that, that, that doesn't read the news. Okay. Tariffs just got delayed. So
the reason for this, there's news of tariffs getting put in from big daddy, Donald freaking
Trump. Okay. And he says, we want to increase tariffs on every other country. That's bringing
shit into the United States that could potentially hurt the U S economy. But in the long run, I think
it's going to benefit the U S economy. But in the short term, we can see that it's a direct harm to
it because there's a lot of different supplies that we get from other countries and raising
tariffs will cause a trade war, not like TJRs trade wars, which all of you guys should watch,
but as in literal country warfare. Okay. So we see this huge, huge fall off because of tariffs
saying that they're going to happen. And then this big move up was actually due to tariffs,
um, due to the
announcement that tariffs are going to be delayed. So again, immediate reaction to tariffs
being said, set a immediate reaction to tariffs being announced, huge, like down immediate
reaction to tariffs being delayed, boom, big move up. And it looks like we're going to want to fill
in this, uh, this weekly gap. My initial bias was bullish for the day, but again, I like when I get
paid price to come down and sweep out these lows and then come up and take out these London session
highs. That's just what I want. If market opens, it doesn't take out these London session lows and
then comes up and just takes out these London session highs. And then gives me a perfect
short setup. What am I going to do? Not short it, right? That would be pretty dumb. I have,
I'm going to short it, especially when we're this, this deep into this deep into market open,
like market opens, we come up, we sweep out London session highs. And then boom, right after the
macro, we come and fill this five minute fair value gap. Like it's obvious that price wants to
go to the downside.
Same thing here for ES. Okay. We come up, we sweep out, boom, these relative equal highs on
London from London session. And then similar situation, we come down, we don't necessarily
take out these five minute lows until much later. And we don't fill in this five minute fair value
gap, which is why I took the trade on NASDAQ rather than the S and P 500, but same exact,
same exact situation where we come down to a point where there's no other confluences that
can support this five minute bullish thesis, um, on the five minute. And then from there,
we see a retracement into literally like we, we,
we trace into pretty much nothingness. And then boom, price ended up going down into these London
session lows. Um, and then boom, tariffs get announced that they're delayed and then price
skyrockets on up. So that is how I made $9,000 a day trading NASDAQ this morning. It was a pretty
simple. If you guys want to watch me do all of this live in front of you guys, every single
morning, I live stream it on kick at 9am Eastern time. There's going to be a link in the description
so you guys can follow me, turn notifications on all that good shit.
And if you guys want to learn more about these concepts, no bullshit and get mentored by me,
there's going to be a link in the description for that as well for my day trading blueprint.
All right. With that being said, I love and appreciate you guys. Hopefully you guys
cooked on today. It was literally free bands. Peace out.


==============================
VIDEO 046 — Live_Day_Trading_Losing_152_060_I_MARRIED_MY_BIAS-[xxJyvmHROb4]
==============================

All right, guys. Let's get into trading today. So I haven't traded this week because Monday
was bank holiday, even though a lot of you guys wanted to trade for who knows what reason.
You guys are stupid. And then Tuesday, we were coming off of a bank holiday. We also
had Powell speaking. And we were coming off of that super volatile weekend. So I preferred
to just stay out of the market, let price do what it wanted to do. Right now, I think
we have a great opportunity for shorts here. We have previous day highs right here on NASDAQ
while on the S&P 500, we're well above previous day highs. We're filling in this big ass gap.
I think there's more room for us to push to the downside.
I don't think that we're going to reclaim this. I think we're going to move down. I think we're
going to make a high time frame bearish SMT from these highs down to these highs. And I think that
that is going to be the way that it goes today. Really nothing else to say other than that. And
yeah, we'll see how market opens. We already have a bearish SMT divergence. NASDAQ made a higher
high on the five minute right here while ES is making a lower high on the high time frame. ES
is the lower high. So we're going to make a bearish SMT divergence. We're going to make a
lagging index while NASDAQ is the leading index. I would love to see us hit another rotation.
We broke weekly structure. We broke structure to the downside on the weekly time frame
on NASDAQ and on the S&P 500. I think that this can finally kickstart a much needed monthly
retrace and hopefully we can revisit this monthly gap because that is sitting underneath all of this
low resistance draws on liquidity on the weekly timeframe, as well as if price comes down here,
we will be revisiting previous all-time highs. I think that this level is probably the most
obvious level in equities right now. Same thing here on NASDAQ. Again, we have relative equal
lows. We have low resistance draws on liquidity. And then on top of that, it's in line with
this monthly imbalance. On top of that, we have the order block, we have the breaker block,
we have previous all-time highs right here. There's just so many confluences that are pointing
to this price right here, whether we hit it, whether we go down right now over this next week,
whether we want to make a new higher high. Eventually, I'm going to put money on it.
We are going to revisit this price range. It's too strong of a price range for us not to.
And right now, we are setting up,
really freaking good. We made that weekly break of structure. We're making a retrace into this
fair value gap. Right now, we already retraced into the gap on NASDAQ. And now on the lower,
or on the lower but higher timeframes, we are potentially making a bearish SMT. So market just
opened and we are already flooding to the downside. So let's see what the market can give us today.
We have, or we had Empire State Manufacturing Index. That came out. We're supposed to have
PPI news data. Oh, wow. Yeah, they already got rid of it. We were supposed to have PPI news data
on Thursday, but they got rid of it because the government's obviously going to be,
continue to be shut down. Government shutdown is still in place. Tariff news is going on.
Lots of high volatility.
Things being caused from the market right now. And I'm not going to lie, bro. Looking at this,
we have so much low resistance liquidity all the way down here. This entire trend line could just
be fucking squad wiped, in my opinion. What is this? Asia session lows. And then these are
previous day lows. Dude. Yeah. I wouldn't mind like a clean squad wipe of that. Nice. So
we have, right now we have the high timeframe bearish SMT previous day highs up to these
ES highs, previous day highs, or sorry, Monday highs down to these highs, Monday highs up to
these highs. Honestly, what I would like to see would be ES maybe coming back up, taking out these
five minute highs, maybe these highs, maybe these highs. And then while NASDAQ stays under,
underneath here, and then that will give us a five minute bearish SMT divergence. And then from
there, we can look for entries to go and target all of these lows. An hourly low right there.
NASDAQ is already ripping. Nice. So again, the goal would be have NASDAQ stay underneath these
highs while ES, because obviously we're closer to these highs, have ES take out these highs,
form that five minute SMT divergence and look for shorts from there. Boys, I'm not going to lie. I'm
sick, dude. Really fucking sucks. Richie, daddy wellness. Sorry, bro. But I'm 90% sure that you
got me sick when we did our stream together. Sweaty, dap ups, sitting too close. Got cooked.
Okay. Let's see where ES is after that big pushup. Okay. Nice. ES took out these highs.
Wow. We're getting it like that already like that.
Damn, bro. We might not get a trade. Took out those lows. So right now I'm kind of just
watching and waiting. We technically, I mean, like we made a one minute SMT divergence with
these highs. But that's not really enough for me to want to enter. And on top of that,
we just took out these lows. I do see NASDAQ going lower, but it's weights. It's too early.
And the day for me to be taking a trade, it's only 11 minutes in the market open.
So we'll wait. Honestly, it would be nice to see ES come up even higher,
maybe take out more of these highs to give us like a full five minute SMT divergence.
Because NASDAQ can still give us a retrace by still stay underneath these highs
and then make a proper actual move up, then a move down to solidify a five minute high.
So that's probably what I'll do.
I'll be waiting for it. Damn it, dude. I'm sick. I would want to see ES take out these
highs. So we took out these highs. I would want ES to take out these highs. 943. I'm
still not too keen on entering right now, even though this shit just really wants to
go down. I really want and shit, bro. This is how we're doing it. And this is how we're
doing it. This is fucking crazy. Is this how we're doing it? Volatile markets right now.
Yup.
I want us to go higher. I want ES to take out these highs. And then that puts us in a solid
time frame. There we go. Boom. ES took out these highs. Now we're looking good. So now that ES
took out these highs, and now I can start looking for that SMT divergence. We're getting proper
retraces now on NASDAQ.
Okay.
Price is moving crazy right now. What should set up for a good price action? Oh, that's useful.
Did they just add that? Let's see. This might be the time that we have to just get in. I'm going to
go short here on NASDAQ. Wow. Nice. So the reasoning behind that was we took out these
highs that I really wanted on ES.
And all I was waiting for was one minute confirmation to show that we were going to
form that five minute SMT divergence. Because realistically, like price is moving crazy right
now. The volatility is there. And I saw that NASDAQ has been wanting to go down this entire
time. It's been staying leading this push down. ES, we took out the highs that we wanted. Really
just waited for that 79% extension. Closure underneath, which we got on this candle. Didn't
need to wait for a break of structure.
We ended up closing on there. Boom. Now we're back underneath these lows. This is kind of
picture perfect setup. This high down to this high. ES from this high up to this high, this
high up to this high, this high up to this high. All of these highs down to this high right here.
So yeah, let's see if this ends up playing out in our favor. I would really like to see this high
time frame SMT play out as well from this high all the way down, or from this high down to this
high.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, from this high up to this high, realistically, if this SMT is going to play
out, then that means these lows need to be taken. So we'll see.
I was going to say the one thing that is kind of scary is we entered purely just off of that
five minute SMT. And most of the time we typically want to wait for another five minute retrace into
equilibrium after getting a five minute SMT. So it's kind of what we're seeing right now is this
five minute retrace coming up. We're already in equilibrium now though, from these highs down to
these lows. Well into equilibrium. So as long as we don't just come all the way up and take out
these highs, who knows, bro, we could, this is some crazy shit. We could very well come up and
sweep out these highs on NASDAQ, but not sweep out this high all the way up here on ES and then
rotate down just with the.
that we've been having in the market that's very possible but we'll see
regardless we made the retrace into five minute the five minute continuation
confluence so now ideally we start to see rotations down and we can see that
through this inverse gap through 79% extension from this low up to this high
if this ends up forming a high but again like I said we could very well end up
making a one-minute SMT divergence Nasdaq could come up potentially sweep
that sweep us out right here well yes stays underneath these highs we'll see
though we made another fair value gap that we could potentially inverse getting
real close to my stop right now price is moving crazy today real close to my stop
now love to see price
price moving crazy today real close to my stop now love to see price
price moving crazy today real close to my stop now love to see price
not stop me out here ah ah damn it okay I got stopped out bro oh my god we're
gonna get exactly what I think we were we're gonna get exactly what I thought
we were gonna get we're probably gonna reverse off of this right now cuz yes
isn't above these eyes we'll see should have waited should have fucking waited
for my freaking confluences dude should have freaking waited for my confluences
dude we're gonna get this rotation down I'm telling you
watch we're gonna get this one minute SMT divergence if we close bearish here
on Nasdaq and on yes then that's I'm entering I want to wait until we see
what happens at these highs these are the important highs that we're looking
at on yes I think we can reverse here damn he has took out these eyes we're
still in this SMT divergence territory but this shit's looking good
not the greatest right now let's keep an eye out for these eyes it's the only
other spot that we could reverse from because we're still technically
maintaining this SMT from these eyes up to these eyes from these eyes down to
these eyes these eyes down to these eyes yeah see if we can even form an
inverse gap here for us to inverse to push us down all right let's see now
would be the time now would be the time that we want to see these things get in
reverse big legs up don't like seeing that gotta see reversals soon can't come
above these highs or else it's toast I like the way that Wick looks and we're
still in a good time to be able to make this bearish action happen so getting
real fucking close to those highs gotta see price turnaround here if we want this shit to be bad
play out now would be the time for reversal folks now would be the time that we want our reversal
see if we can get this shit it's 959 right now prime time for us to start
turning in the opposite direction damn we took out these highs i really don't have much to look
at here then if that's the case i mean these still high these highs are still like we still
have an opportunity to make a bearish smt off of these highs like that is still completely in the
books but we got to wait for a whole bunch of other confluences now let's see i really didn't
think that we were gonna act off of this bullish smt down here i guess we wanted to i thought these
all of these lows stacked up on nasdaq were going to be way more enticing
and shit bro it's still in that manipulation time zone
though
that's the problem like technically right now is when we should be looking to enter into trades
which is why i'm like struggling to want to
not flip bullish because whatever price takes out these highs then cool we'll call it wraps but
again right now like it's 1003 right now we're still kind of in that zone and in that time range
for us to be able to
like you know take a take a good trade and then have price go in the opposite direction
so the main thing that we're monitoring is these highs there's just no freaking way that we
take that shit out bro maybe wow we took out that high so that is pretty much going to
seal the deal for me today be done
i got i got fucking smoked today on that one loss by the way i lost 152k
i didn't i didn't even want to talk about the fucking loss that i took because i was assuming
that i was going to be able to get another entry to be able to maybe maybe make that loss a little
bit less as bad than what i thought it was this is just a big stop loss and i entered with
two times my original size which makes sense but also the stop loss was two times
my original size so i ended up being like 4x what i usually end up risking which
below is pretty fucking bad we did have a bullish smt from these lows to these lows right here
i just really didn't see in any world that we would want to
push up today bullish smt
i mean yeah even if i was bullish for today that i wouldn't have been able to find an entry
so as much as it sucks that i lost that much today as much as it sucks that i lost that
much today and i'm now negative on the month which fucking blows um is it updated tough one
so i'm down well it says 14k on the month but yeah this one squad wiped it's one
loss squad wiped this entire week which sucks but it's okay because the volatility is in our favor
um and we're gonna be able to make that shit back trust me we have been in these positions before
folks not something that i'm tripping about and overall i look at the i look at the month and i'm
like okay cool i'm break even on the month i could turn this the second that i have a another winning day it blooms
i'm back up on the month second that i have another winning day we're up a good amount on the month
second that i crush next week of this month boom we're up as fuck um so not tripping about that
but anyways yeah price is just ripping up today it's not what i expected it is what it is
appreciate you boys i'll catch you guys i think i got him oh i did he's still flying around a bit
though bow we got him we got him let's go sextant on the line guys if you're enjoying this you know we're rolling you've done that it took me so long but i think i'm gonna catch him next month if you'recharged they don't give meうわ oh my god man when i get him
we got him we got him that's a good way to end the day killing a fly
but ended up losing 152k it is what it is appreciate you boys catch y'all peace


==============================
VIDEO 047 — Live_Day_Trading_Losing_234_060_WORST_TRADING_DAY_EVER-[5Peet8LZkUI]
==============================

all right guys market just opened i did not trade yesterday i was like i literally just
slept all yesterday i've been like so freaking i don't know i'm not sick anymore i'm just like
out of it i don't know how to explain it but um yesterday it looked like there was pretty
good long setup so did mace out on good opportunity there which kind of sucks but
it is what it is today though seems like we have some pretty good opportunity as well
um i don't think we have any news today we do have potential cpi news data on friday
as long as the government shutdown isn't like still happening but anyways today looks pretty
good because we're forming this bullish smt divergence nasdaq swept out these asia session
lows um these are previous day
lows um these are previous day lows um these are previous day lows um these are previous
day lows um these are previous day lows um these are previous day lows while es is still
above them these are previous day lows nasdaq again came down swept out asia session lows
and then we have london session lows asia session lows previous day or sorry london
session highs asia session highs previous day highs all stacked up low resistance draws
on liquidity to the upside i would like to be bullish today one we have this bullish
smt divergence two we have pre three previous session highs all stacked up uh asia on low
together forming a strong confluence and strong draws and liquidity to the upside.
Something that I would like to see happen would be NASDAQ to take out previous all-time highs.
And then, I'm not going to lie, I would like to see a bit of a rotation to the downside. Right
now, we are making a high timeframe bearish SMT divergence on the four-hour timeframe. We have a
high, then a higher high right here, then a high, then a lower high right here. So, we could just
start the reversal now. But in my opinion, I would prefer if NASDAQ could come up and give us a
super-duper high timeframe SMT divergence where NASDAQ comes up above these previous all-time
highs because the S&P 500 isn't as close to these previous all-time highs as NASDAQ is.
Have NASDAQ come up, sweep out these highs, and then rotate down. Have ES stay underneath
these highs. And then, I would like to see a bit of a rotation to the downside.
And then, continue down. So, right now though, we are selling off pretty hard. We can actually
just move these lows to these London lows right here because we already know that these Asia lows
were already swept out. And yeah, we'll see what price wants to give us. There we go. Okay,
so NASDAQ just came down, took out London lows, took out previous day lows. ES is still
above these lows. As long as ES doesn't come underneath previous day lows right here,
then we can form a bullish SMT divergence and look for rotations to the upside. We have a lot
of strong draws on liquidity to the upside. It's just a lot of low-resistance draws like this. So,
low-resistance draw, low-resistance draw, low-resistance draw, London session high,
Asia session high, previous day high. All of these highs that are stacked up
on top of each other. Okay, so ES came down, took out London,
took out Asia lows. So, again, we can still form this bullish SMT divergence as long as it doesn't
come down and take out these previous day lows right here. And that would be ideal.
Shut the fuck up. Of course, they're just running fucking fire alarm tests at 9.30 AM, bro.
Insanity, dude. It's so fucking crazy. So crazy, dude. I swear,
this building, bro, they do a fire alarm test every single fucking month, dude. It's insane.
Every time I'm here, there's a fire alarm test. I swear. Every time I'm here, there's a fire alarm
test. Okay, cool. So, if we can form, if we can close this up candle, we're looking real good
because then we're forming this bullish SMT from these lows up to these lows, from these lows down
to these lows. The focus will be to take the trade on the S&P 500. This is the leading index. Okay.
We got, boom.
Five minute SMT divergence. Looking good. Once we get this SMT divergence though,
we're still going to need price to play out a little bit. So, just because we get this SMT
divergence, we're still in technically a downtrend on the five minute. But since we have
this SMT divergence, it's telling us that price is going to want to change directions. So,
even though we're still going to need price to play out a little bit, we're still going to need
price to play out a little bit. So, even though, right now it's 940. Okay. Even though we formed
this candle, price is still going to want to give us a retrace. So, there's no reason for us to be
wanting to get into a trade right now on this price action. We want to chill out a little bit,
wait for price to develop because we're forming a big up candle. If we were just to enter right up
here, who knows? Price very well could continue this downtrend that we're in and end up, you know,
wanting to seek out these lows because for all we know right now this is just whatever a retrace on
this current downtrend that we're in um like a retrace up and then we could continue down so
what we want to wait for is a down candle or a retrace and ideally we don't come underneath
these lows if we do come underneath these lows then boom it's back to square one but
if we retrace and come into let's say equilibrium because look we came down swept out our drawing
liquidity made a five minute smt divergence from these lows up to these lows and then we
get a five minute retrace that doesn't come underneath these lows and then we see one
minute confirmation out of that equilibrium to the upside then that's telling us okay look
we came down got a sweep of high time frame liquidity and on top of that we're getting an smt
divergence and on top of that we're filling in a five minute continuation confluence and we're
getting confirmation to the upside that's a good time to enter but right now it's not the best time
even though we're getting huge candlesticks to the upside we got to be patient we're only 10 minutes
in the market open again we're filling in this fair value gap right now we could very well go
lower if we wanted to so we're just going to watch and wait right now is not an opportune
time for me to enter okay so yes we're getting a bit of a retrace ideally we see a one minute
break of structure to the downside and honestly uh i probably
want that i want price to honestly like move up a little bit more to get more people long and then
give us the breakdown to like fake more people out to the upside first so again the goal would
be for us to break one minute structure to the downside price is setting up perfectly right now
right here so i'm just going to delete equilibrium until we can actually get a proper
high that's made and again this is what i want to convince more people to go along and then we can
just get a wipe out to the downside wipe out to the downside to go long and honestly
the more that we can extend into that macro time frame of like 9 50 10 10 that would be
ideal it's only 9 45 right now that's like the exact type of candlesticks that i want to see now
i want to see rotation to the downside
but come down like to if we could just flood down sweep out these lows
flood down sweep out these lows start this five minute retrace like right now that would be
dude in equilibrium sitting right underneath these lows right underneath these lows this is
like prime prime time nice legs down here nice we came down we filled five minute equilibrium this
is exactly what i wanted again i'm pretty good at this stuff um this is exactly what i wanted
have price come down here sweep out these one minute lows honestly a deeper retrace would be
even better right now nasdaq is underneath these low or sorry es is underneath these lows nasdaq is
isn't underneath these if whichever index is closer to these draws on liquidity that's
probably the one that i'll take the trade on even though nasdaq is the
lagging index it's underneath these lows um it's closer to these draws on liquidity to the upside
right now it's looking good to get this five minute retrace candle oh yeah that's exactly
what we want to see nice again guys this is exactly what i was telling you was going to happen
we get that five minute bullish smt but we wait for the five minute retrace because
it's going to give us a better entry because again this is kind of how it works
we get the five minute bullish smt we fake traders out to the upside who want to buy early
and then boom we fake them back out to the downside for people to get in sales it's just
taking it's just taking liquidity in both directions right so it gets people in longs
like up here stops them out of those longs because they tried to have a tight stop loss
and then boom gets people to go short and then boom we stop the people out going short
because we actually want to move higher so we'll have to see how we want to close here
on the five minute time frame i still want to be slightly careful with this
i would want to see es change direction to the upside before i want to go long on nasdaq even
though nasdaq we got a big a high close there just because nasdaq you know we didn't we didn't
hit that five minute equilibrium that we wanted to on es we did but we haven't shown confirmation to the
upside yet on the s&p 500 so i'm going to want to wait until the s&p 500 can show us movement
to the upside to go long on nasa nasdaq because nasdaq is close to these highs but nasdaq didn't
fill that five minute confluence okay so i'll probably want to take the trade on nasdaq
but i need to wait for the s p 500 to give me confirmation that hey it's it we're actually
going to go higher here because the s p 500 was the one that filled in this five minute gap
or not five minute gap five minute equilibrium see if we break structure to the upside
see here if es break structure i'll go long on nasdaq all of these highs look great for
draws on liquidity unfortunately if we we probably can't use this as a draw on liquidity for nasdaq
because it's so close
and it won't give us
a good risk reward so that kind of puts us a little bit at risk but it's fine okay so i'm
going to go along here on nasdaq just entered unfortunately this isn't going to be a good draw
for me on nasdaq this is a good draw right here though these equal highs we can go all the way up
here as well yes we broke structure to the upside yes wouldn't be horrible longs either because
that's it's actually a pretty good risk reward it's low-key better i'm not gonna lie i'm on both
es and nasdaq because nasdaq is closer to these draws on liquidity um but es has really good
risk to reward here we'll see how this plays out just to show you guys that i'm actually
in this trade not just putting a tool onto trading view for
again even though i show you guys like literally every inch of proof sometimes people are stupid
see how we move here to me there's like negative reason for why we wouldn't want to come up and
take out these highs all the good draws on liquidity are to the upside um and on nasdaq
we've taken out pretty we've taken out every good draw on liquidity to the downside already
like there's really no other good draw
down here there's a bunch of good draws up here it's just seeing whether or not we got in at the
right time which me personally i think we did rotate back up now no i need a piece so bad
i'll be right back down candle to the upside everything was looking so good until right after
i entered and then we just go sideways barcode cheese bro are we going to like do something
can we break structure nothing nasdaq's not looking good
Neither of these trades are looking good.
Come on, dude.
Can we just not get stopped out, please?
No, we're gonna get stopped out.
Fucking close to these lows.
Hey, NASDAQ, I got stopped out.
Damn, ES, I got stopped out as well.
Watch, and now we're probably going to reverse up here.
I would like to fucking put money on it
that we're going to reverse up here.
Okay, I lost $67,200 on both of those trades.
I would like to believe that we're going to go higher here.
Really annoying that that had to go like that.
Not gonna lie, I would like to make
a pretty safe assumption.
There's just no way that we go lower, in my opinion.
There's no fucking shot that we go lower.
We already took out the max lows
that we would want to on NASDAQ.
Maybe NASDAQ wants to sweep out these one-minute lows here.
If we do that, then that would be
pretty fucking prime time to go long.
I mean, yes, we are making a five-minute bearish SMT
from these highs down to these highs,
from these highs up to these highs.
But in my opinion, the SMT from these lows up to these lows,
and from these lows down to these lows is far stronger
because we have much better draws on liquidity up here.
NASDAQ just came underneath these lows.
Honestly, like a blind long on this is like,
sounds pretty fucking good to me.
I can't lie.
Like there's just no fucking way that we don't go higher.
We took out every single draw on liquidity to the downside.
There's nothing else down here for NASDAQ.
So I'm thinking we, I'm feeling like
I want to just go long here on NASDAQ.
Okay, now this has to be it.
ES just swept out these lows,
while NASDAQ is above these lows.
This is going to be an SMT divergence.
I'm going long on NASDAQ.
Or once we form this SMT divergence,
once we form the up candle, this is long.
Once we form this up candle, I'm just pressing long, bro.
And I'm fucking going high risk, bro, I don't care.
There's nowhere else for it to go to the downside on NASDAQ.
There you go.
Get me in.
Watch, bro.
Shit's going to play out in like two fucking seconds.
Bullish SMT.
Oh, what do you freaking know?
No, just, I mean,
there's nothing that we can do about that, for real.
There's nothing that we can do about that.
This, we followed the strategy right here,
but it's just kind of annoying
that it wanted to stop us out first.
But yeah, I went like, oh, yeah.
I went like, oh, yeah.
Fucking heavy duty long on this shit.
NASDAQ is the leading index on this SMT divergence.
I could have taken a long on ES as well,
but there's no reason to.
Fucking sucks that it had to play out that way.
It is what it is, though.
We're going to make it all back,
and we're going to make more money on top of it.
Told you, bro, this shit's going to play out
in like two seconds.
Low key confident enough to just put my stop
underneath these lows.
And after that SMT, I'm low key thinking
we're damn near guaranteed to take out
all of these highs, bro.
We might as well go full extendo on them.
We might as well go full freaking extension.
Better freaking hope that we don't get stopped out again.
Better freaking hope that that does not happen.
Again, I don't, I really see negative reason
why NASDAQ would want or be, even be able to do that.
Be able to go any more lower than where we're already at
or then where we, where we already took out.
If I get, if I get stopped out on this,
then I'm smoked for the day.
Smoked for the day and like smoked on the monthly P&L
as well, bro.
Ain't no way we're going to be doing this right now.
There's just no fucking shot.
There's no shot, dude.
Man, come on, dude.
Let's not do this right now.
Let's not do this right now, bro.
Let's not do this right now.
Any fucking lower and I'm done.
Oh my God.
Please turn around.
Please, bro.
Please turn around from here, bro.
Please.
This is still a SMT divergence
because we haven't taken out these lows yet.
We just, again, got to stay.
Above these lows, I lost $234,000 and $230,460 and $60.
Negative on this month, bro.
Multiple bullish SMTs, every single draw on liquidity
to the upside and we get smoked like that, dude.
Well, that puts us at negative $185,000 on the month.
I can't believe that.
I don't know if we get smoked.
Call it a day here.
That fucking sucks.
But hey, man, full transparency at least.
That's going to wrap it up for me today, bros.
That was a rough one.


==============================
VIDEO 048 — My 1 Minute Scalping Strategy (Complete Course)-B_dVwXYQ-oc
==============================

Sick of wasting your entire day staring at the charts? Forget that.
I trade for just two hours using a one-minute scalping strategy that grows my accounts and frees up my day.
I'm looking at a single, no-wick candle as my entry. You've never seen this before.
Now, I'm not promising or guaranteeing any results.
Just because I'm building a beautiful mansion does not mean you will.
I just hope you can learn one or two trading concepts that you can take into your trading plan that I use in mine.
Now, smash that like button, subscribe to the channel, and let's get into it.
To teach you this one-minute scalping strategy, all we need is one trade per day, five days, and two hours of trading.
So, let's go through an entire week backtesting, showing you the exact two hours with this scalping strategy.
Really, really simple. Let's just start with day one.
It's day one.
And our first one-minute scalping strategy trade just smashed the take profit.
Now, how do we do this? Let's rewind and let me show you.
First thing I want you to do is come to freetradingview.com.
Come to the five-minute time frame, and we're going to install some indicators.
First indicator is the opening range with breakouts, so just click on that right there.
Come up to the top. Use these settings right here.
All you need is the custom range, 930 to 945, UTC minus four.
Time period?
15 minutes.
Then come to the bottom right here and just make sure you're UTC minus four, so we're both trading at that same time, 930 a.m., the New York Stock Exchange open.
The second indicator I want you to install is the no-wick candlestick identifier, okay?
For those settings, you're just going to use this.
Bearish, no top wick.
Bullish, no bottom wick.
Turn everything else off.
Click okay.
If I zoom in here, these are just going to show us these Meru Botsu candles, right?
This is a candle with no bottom wick, and it is a strong level to buy from, very similar to a demand zone.
So the first thing we're doing here on the five-minute time frame is we're watching just the first three candles from 930 to 945.
You can see right there, those candles are moving, and that is setting up your range, right?
That is your range high and your range low for the entire.
We're just doing that on the five-minute time frame.
The five-minute time frame, we're also looking at the overall trend, different support levels.
You can see right here, we are clearly in an uptrend, respecting our trend line right here.
Then we want to come down to the M1 time frame.
Here, we're looking for a break.
You can see we got a break out the top of the range right here, but it wasn't a good break.
You want a more significant break.
So let's continue.
Let's continue to play that thing out and see if we can get the break we want.
And you can see, we will be painting on these candles during this process,
putting those Marubotsu candles to give us potential entries.
I'm telling you, you've never seen this before, and it's incredibly, incredibly powerful,
and it works really, really well with our supply and demand strategies as well.
So here we go.
We finally get that break out, right?
But again, not a great.
Not a great break out, right?
A little too soft.
We want to see something with more momentum.
We want to see a big, big push.
So we're being patient, and this is the M1 time frame.
And then we finally get it.
Look at this.
This is the break out you want.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven green candles in a row, right?
Absolutely awesome.
And what happens when we get that?
Look, we get our Marubotsu candle right there, right?
There's no bottom.
There's no bottom wick, so that operates like a demand zone, and what we also actually
have a demand zone at that level, so it's a good overlap that gives us a place to enter
a trade.
Why?
Look, we got the break and close here outside the top of the range.
We got the Marubotsu candle that's giving us a place to enter, so we're just waiting
for the price to come back to that level slowly but surely, and that's where we're going to
enter our trading position.
Here it comes.
One candle at a time all the way down, and then right there, we enter the trading position,
and let's go and show you what happened with that trade.
It smashed the take profit almost immediately.
I did for my stop loss, I had it below that mid-range line right there, and for my take
profit, I was just taking profit right here at recent consolidation at this recent level
of resistance right there.
Simple, simple stuff.
A winning trade.
Let's go into day two.
Let's go into day two and get a little bit more advanced.
All right, it's day two.
Let's get into another one-minute scalping strategy trade.
If you're wondering what pairs I trade, look, these are all the pairs I trade here in my
market watch, and you can see me do this on stream Monday to Wednesday every single
week live.
So, back to the strategy right here.
You can see on the five-minute time frame, we've got a trend line right there, multiple
touches on the trend line, and then it's 9.30 a.m.
Let's play this out.
9.30 a.m., what's happening?
We set our range, right?
We set our range high right there and our range low right there.
When that happened, we got a break of the trend line finally and a break of the range,
which tells us what?
It tells us we are now bullish.
We are looking to buy.
So let's get down to that one-minute time frame.
Here we are on the one-minute time frame, and we are playing it out.
You could see.
We just broke out.
Oh, man.
We broke out of our range high, and now we are looking to buy.
Where can we get into a trade?
What is a good level for us?
Well, I see a level right here that's really, really good for us already.
I'm going to set up a long position right here, see if price comes to tap that level.
Why?
We have our no-wick candle right there acting as our demand zone, right?
Now, we have another one right here, too.
Okay.
That's another one, right?
This one and this one.
I like this one better.
Why?
Because we also have the demand overlap.
Look.
One, two, three, four green candles in a row, so it just also happens to be a demand level.
I'm going to set my stop loss this time just below our range right there, not all the way
down here because I want better risk-reward, something like this right here, and then we
can let this continue to play out as we wait for those candles to cascade to our entry
right there, and then let's slow it down.
We tap in, and look at the reaction you get from that Merubatsu candle, right?
That's because there's no wick on that candle.
It's a strong confirmation.
It's a psychological level.
It's a momentum candle, and as you can see right here, we touched the level on multiple
occasions, but every single time there were buyers there to shoot that thing up and smash
our take profit.
Now let's get deeper and deeper and deeper as we go into day three.
Okay, it's day three.
It's 9.30 a.m. Eastern.
I'm on that five-minute time frame.
You can see we just set the orb right there.
You can see we had the top of the range right there.
We got the bottom of the range right here.
We just broke through our trend line right there.
That's telling us that we want to buy.
Now we want to see, can we get a break in the range?
That's exactly what happened right here.
Price just broke and closed above that range, another reason to buy, so we're coming down
to that one-minute time frame.
Now on the one-minute time frame, you can see we have our Merubatsu candle right there,
and it also happens to be a pretty good level of demand, so that's where I want to get into
a trade, so let me set up my long position, something like that, see if price can come
to my level right there.
Get into a position.
Have the stop loss below the range midline, something like that, and let's play it out
and see if we could get into a trade.
Now we seem to be missing the trading opportunity here.
It doesn't look like it's going to come our way.
What happened?
What happened?
And it shot up, so we missed the move today on Wednesday.
I like this entry.
Now if you wanted, you could have shifted this up right here, right?
We had this Merubatsu candle.
We had this candle right here.
That could have been your entry right there, and if it was, you could have got into a trade,
and based on my take profit, it would have been a really, really big trade, but I missed
out, right?
I missed out.
Sometimes you miss out.
If you watch me on livestream, you'd frequently see I miss trades sometimes.
That's absolutely fine.
Let's go into day number four.
All right, it's day four.
I'm on the five-minute time frame.
Look, price is in a downtrend.
What just happened?
We created our range, right, and our range low, 9.30 a.m. Eastern, right?
Those three candles.
Then what are we doing?
We're waiting for the price to break out the top or the bottom.
Look, price just respected the trend line right there, broke out the bottom right there,
so that's telling us what that we want to sell, right?
That's a selling indication.
Our trend line is also holding the price.
That's another reason that we want to be taking a sell today, so let's go ahead to
the M1 time frame.
All right, here's what it looks on the M1 time frame, right?
We just had that breakdown right there.
We've got a Marubatsu candle there, Marubatsu candle there, Marubatsu candle right there.
All of those candles are telling us that we're going down hard, we're going down heavy, and
there's no buyers, right?
Just sellers on each of those candles.
Which one do I like?
I like this one right here.
Why?
Because it's a supply, right?
That's the beginning of the down move.
You could also be looking at this level right there.
Those are two levels, but I'm going to go with what?
The Marubatsu right there at the top.
So let's set up our short position at that level, be something like this, can target
that level right there.
Stop loss can be above the range, and let's see if we can get price to tap into our level.
So here it is coming up.
Let's adjust it a little bit.
You could see right there.
It's going up into our trade.
Let's see how this one plays out.
So at this level right here, if I was on stream, I'd probably take a take partial one.
Definitely watch my streams to see how I trade live with discretion.
But on this one, since we're just back testing, you can see I'm just going to let it go.
And sadly, it's not going my way so far.
Let's continue to play this thing out.
See if it hits my stop loss.
It hasn't yet.
This is taking a while, but sadly, there it goes, hitting my stop loss.
So look, the strategy isn't going to work every single time.
If you were winning every single one of your trades in life, you'd be rich.
You wouldn't be watching me here on YouTube.
And trading is never that simple.
But I've got one more trade to show you on day number five.
That's going to help you bring this all into perspective.
But before we get into day number five, if you're wondering where I trade, I'm trading
with the triple AFX.
This is a broker.
This is the best broker in the business.
The spreads are low.
The commissions are low.
It's using the best MetaTrader apps available.
So click the link in the description.
Registration is absolutely free.
Now let's get into that last trade.
All right.
It's day five.
It's 930 AM.
I'm looking at the five minute time frame and I'm setting up my range.
Look, we've got the range high right there.
We've got the range low right there.
We've got a trend line right here.
Look.
Two, three touches right there.
And that is holding the price down.
Let's see what happens as we play this out on the five minute time frame.
Oh, we get the break.
Absolutely fantastic.
That's the break of the range right there.
It's also the break of our trend line.
That's two reasons for us to buy.
So that's what we're going to do.
Let's go down to that M1 time frame.
Now we're on the M1 time frame.
We're looking for a reason to get into a trade.
Look, we had a pretty strong level of demand right there.
We could have entered a trade right there and made ourselves some profit off of that
demand.
There's nothing wrong with demand zone trading.
Watch my last video if you missed it.
But right now, what are we looking for?
We're looking for that Marubatsu candle, right?
A candle with no bottom wick.
We want to buy.
If you know you're buying, you could also come into the settings of the indicator right
there and you could turn the bearish ones off, make it a little bit easy for you.
So why didn't I take this one right here or any of these ones right here?
Because look.
There's a strong level of demand right there.
It makes more sense for me to use this level, okay?
It just makes more sense.
You want to have confluences that add up.
And even if you pull this thing along right here, now you have a level that was used
as resistance, a level that was used as support, a level that was used as support again.
And so let's not reinvent the wheel.
Let's throw a buy position here.
Let's put the take profit at resistance.
Something like this.
Let's have the stop loss below the range midline.
Our entry right there.
Let's pull this thing over and let's play this out.
How does this go?
Does this come to our level?
Let's move this thing over just a little bit more and see, is it going to come to our
level?
There it goes.
Taps in and an immediate response.
Very, very nice.
Let's get all the way to that TP.
That's it.
Smash the take profit at resistance.
It's really that easy.
That simple.
If you like this strategy or you need any help, leave a comment, smash the like button,
consider joining my VIP trading room.
We've got an undefeated week going right now.
The link is in the description.
Definitely watch this video right here or maybe watch this video right here and I'll
be back next week.
Much love.


==============================
VIDEO 049 — Revealing How I Made $2,800,000 With Trading Forex in 2025-oC-nXDUMkTw
==============================

I've been around $2.8 million in just trading in 2024.
And I know this might sound crazy,
but in this video, I'm going to show you
the exact strategy that I use
in order to make $2.8 million day trading in 2024.
And I didn't make this video about me, not at all.
I made this video about you guys
because I want you to learn from my mistakes
and you can use the exact points that I learned
in this year so you can go ahead
and add these profits into your trading career in 2024.
And that's because I've made more than $2.8 million
in this year with this trading strategy.
And I'm going to show you everything in this video
so you can make more money,
but only if you follow every single step.
Picture the strategy as an engine of a car.
The engine won't work with every single function
of the engine working.
If you're missing just one thing
or just a little electrical issue, the engine won't work.
Same thing with the markets.
If you don't have the right strategy
and just one thing is missing, you simply will not succeed.
So make sure you watch the video
all the way to the end so you can get every single step
in order to succeed this year with this strategy.
So let's get into the video.
And that takes me to the first point,
which is going to be the less money you risk,
the more trades you take.
And the less trades you take, the more money you make.
Let me explain that in just a second.
The less money you risk, you feel as if you have
to trade more in order to make more money,
simply because you feel that
the more you work in the markets,
the more money you're going to make
because you have smaller amounts of money.
So the more you put in, the more you should make.
And that is actually completely wrong.
That is not how the markets work at all.
You can't picture the markets as if it were to be a job.
Like, oh, just because I'm making $20 an hour,
I have to work more hours in order to make more money.
Just because you're betting $20, $30 on a trade,
doesn't mean that you have to bet more trades
in order to make money.
Now, obviously the answer, the short answer to that,
would be yes.
Yes, obviously it's logical,
but that doesn't mean that you're going to be profitable
or make a lot of money in the long run
by taking more trades with a little bit of money.
That's not how you get rich and nonetheless stay rich.
This is what beginner traders create as a habit,
thinking that they're going to become successful
like this over time.
And it is one of the biggest mistakes
that you can possibly be ever making.
Because in order for you to actually become successful
in the markets and for you to actually make money,
you have to take less trades
and more trades risking a lot more money.
That's how you get rich and stay rich.
Because you're focusing more on the actual quality
of the trade, not of how many types of trades you would take.
You're taking trades that actually make more sense
than taking 10 trades a day versus one trade a day.
I can guarantee you that one trade
that you patiently wait for
and it aligns with everything in your strategy,
it's going to make you more money
than simply firing at a bunch of different trades.
Picture yourself in the market as if you were
to be a sniper.
Every single shot counts.
Everything that you take is precise
and perfectly calculated.
You don't want to just be shooting like a machine gun
at a bunch of things and hoping something hits.
And trust me, I definitely understand this personally myself
because when I started trading about six and a half years ago,
I was taking trades with $50, $100.
And I was thinking that, okay,
if I bet $50 every single time and I take five trades a day,
I'm going to make more money every single time.
And that's not how it works because the more you trade is
the more you make.
It's like the beginner mindset.
And it's actually a very poor mindset to have
because it's going to affect your results down the road,
actually statistically and emotionally,
because you're going to be more drained
because you're taking more trades.
You're just going to be more exhausted
because you're doing a lot more
and having a lot less results.
And the moment that I actually figured this out
was when the moment that I would not take any trades,
I would realize that the trades that I would have taken,
the market actually went against what I was predicting.
And this kind of
made me sit back and be like,
well, if I do this more often
and I only focus on the trades that make sense,
I'm avoiding a lot of those losses
that I would normally be taking.
And I'm only focusing on the wins.
So then instead of me taking five to six trades a day,
I was taking maybe two or three,
which is still on the high end.
And as time went on,
I started realizing the less I do in the market,
the more I actually make,
because when I actually get involved,
I'm risking a lot more money
because this trade simply makes a lot more sense.
For example, about two months ago,
about a month and a half ago,
I was literally without taking one single trade
for three weeks,
three weeks without doing anything in the markets,
literally just watching it
and waiting for a trade set up to appear.
And don't get me wrong,
within those three weeks,
some nice trade setups appeared,
but I asked myself, I'm like,
do I wanna be the guy that just takes any trade
or do I wanna take the trade?
And about three or four days after waiting for three weeks,
I actually broke my record
for the biggest trade that I have ever had.
And that was $360,000 in one single trade.
And that is because I was patient.
I was extremely patient waiting for that one trade.
And that goes back to the original point,
which is the less trades you take,
the more money you make.
And this is literally just the rule.
This is coming from a successful and profitable trader.
And I encourage this to my traders every single day.
Picture yourself as if every single trade,
you would take in your whole entire life
would be in a punch card.
You would only have access to 20 trades
in your whole entire trading career.
I can guarantee you,
you're gonna be extremely selective
about every single trade that you take
because you only have 20 tries in your whole entire career.
And the odds of you making money
within those 20 trades in your whole entire lifespan,
it's gonna be a lot higher
if you were to have unlimited amount of trades.
Why?
Because you're taking the trades that make sense
and avoiding the ones
that don't.
So step one, less trades equals more money.
If you got this, which is the most important point,
drop a comment below and let me know,
because this is extremely important to me
and keep making these videos out there for you guys.
And because of that, not every day is a trading day.
That's actually the next point,
which is point two that I'm gonna be talking about
in this video.
Let's say as if you were to be a surfer,
your job is to go out there into the ocean
and surf these waves.
And every single time you catch a wave,
you're gonna be surfing.
You make money.
Pretty cool lifestyle, right?
I would love to be a surfer.
I've never surfed in my life, but it would be fun.
So let's say your job as a surfer
is to go out there and surf.
And there's some days that you go out there to the beach
and there's no wind.
There's no wind, there's no waves, there's no waves.
You can't surf, you can't surf, you don't make money.
What are you gonna do about it?
Nothing.
You can't do anything if the ocean doesn't give you
the resources and the ability to go surf.
But that doesn't make you
not a surfer.
That doesn't mean that you're now not a surfer.
That just simply means that there's no opportunity
for you to go out there and make money as a surfer,
surfing the waves,
because the ocean is not giving you the needs
in order for you to do that.
Well, it's the exact same thing in the markets.
Not every single day is a trading day.
And simply because you don't trade,
that doesn't mean that you're not a trader.
Just means that there's no opportunities
out there for you to trade.
Your job as a trader is to come into the market,
sit down in front of the computer and wait
for a good trading setup to appear.
If the market doesn't give you the momentum,
if the market doesn't give you the analysis entry,
if the market doesn't give you a trading plan,
you simply don't take a trade.
You just can't make something out of nothing.
For example, the surfer,
when they were to head out to the ocean,
as they're getting into the ocean,
they look up at the palm trees.
They would see that the trees aren't moving,
which would mean that there is no waves
that are gonna potentially be created.
but you don't ever know for sure.
So you actually want to get to the beach
so you can see for yourself more into detail
where you're actually executing on
if it's going to be giving you the entry
in order for you to enter the wave.
And then when you get to the beach,
you can see that there's no wind.
It's a cloudy day.
There's no waves.
You do not enter the wave
because if you go out there,
you're just going to simply waste your time.
Same thing when I come into the markets.
Every single time I go to the markets,
first thing I do every single morning
is I sit down and I look at the volume.
So the market moves in different sessions.
So for example, you have New York session,
which is going to be the session of New York
where it moves for about five, six hours.
It's where the stock exchange opens
and all of the US money is being moved.
Then shortly after that,
you have Asia and Tokyo session,
which is pretty much the slow moving sessions,
which you would have obviously the Tokyo
and then the Asia money being moved around,
which creates that type of liquidity into the market.
But sometimes it's not as effective as New York.
And then you have London session,
which is one of the highest moving sessions
in the whole entire market.
This is the session that is going to let you know
what happens in the Europe, London,
which moves the majority of the market outside of the US.
So every single morning,
when I come into New York session to trade,
that means that London session has just passed over
because London session where I'm based right now
in Miami, Florida happens at around three in the morning,
all the way up to about six, seven in the morning.
So there's that overnight session,
that I would see in the morning when I go trade.
And when, if I go trade in the morning,
I see that the overnight session didn't have any momentum.
That pretty much is going to determine to me that that New York session is not
going to have a lot of momentum, which simply takes me to the next step.
It's actually looking at the size of the candlesticks because I'm trading on
candlesticks. So I want to see if the candlesticks are big or are they small?
If they're small,
I simply am not interested in entering the market because it's just,
it's not make any sense.
There is no momentum in the market and you see this by looking at the session and
you can see the momentum roll over.
And if those two simple things do not check out,
I do not take a trade and that makes that day non-trading day.
And because I don't take a trade, it doesn't mean that I'm not a trader.
Same thing as a surfer. You go out there, there's no wind, there's no waves.
You can't do anything about it. You simply do not surf for the day.
So not every day is going to be a trading day and the day that you do actually
enter a trade,
enter a trade and you do actually win you never want to celebrate a win before
it hits your take profit. And that leads me to my third point,
which is never celebrate a win before you close your trade. Now,
I know this might be a little bit of a funny one, but it's actually extremely true.
I can't tell you how many times this year I have executed a trade.
It's gone about 25% into profit and I already start flexing on
Instagram or I start feeling as if I were to win the trade already.
And little do I know that one hour later, the whole entire trade reverses.
So I felt like the man when the trade was about 25% into my profit.
And I was already celebrating as if the trade would have hit my whole entire
take profit. And that's not how this goes.
You only celebrate a win when your win is hit to the end.
Why? Because what this is,
it just creates an influx of emotion and it just throws off your whole entire
trading psychology. If you're celebrating your trade a little bit too early,
which obviously you never want to do.
So this actually happened to me earlier this year where I was going to about to
get my, my first biggest trading week for the year.
And I remember that I was about 30 to five to like 40% into my take profit.
And I said, that's it. It's a winner. I know it's going to win.
And I took a nap when I woke up from the nap trade, I hit my stop loss.
And this was probably the most humbling thing that can happen because everything
that I do when I post on Instagram is literally what's happening live into the
markets. And you can,
I just share it out there with you.
You guys and you know, people were like trolling me in the DMs and stuff.
So yeah, never celebrate your wins before it actually hits your take profit.
And if you were to actually ever do this and you celebrate before your trade
actually hits your take profit, and then it goes into stop loss,
you don't ever want to change anything from your trading plan.
That is my next fourth point,
which is nothing ever changes in your trading plan.
Does it matter if you win a trade? Does it matter if you lose a trade?
Does it matter if you're breaking? It doesn't matter.
Your trading plan should never change.
And if you're this far into the video,
make sure you hit that subscribe button because I'm going to be sharing with you
my trading plan in just a second.
And why would you not want to be subscribed to the person that's going to share
the trading plan? Hit the subscribe button.
And I say that you never want to change anything about your trading plan.
It's because, well, first of all, in the first place,
you should only ever create your trading plan on the weekend or whenever the
market is closed,
because you don't want to create a trading plan while you're warmed up and
you're in the scene and you're in the moment.
You want to create, you want to create a trading plan when you're cold,
cold minded,
and even if you wanted to execute a trade, you simply can't.
Like let's say you want to trade a trading plan on Saturday.
The market's closed on Saturday. You can't do anything about it.
So what does that make you do?
It makes you think more about the trading plan that you're actually creating.
It gets you into more detail about it and make you ask the question,
does this trading plan even fucking make sense?
Because some of you guys be creating the most random rules.
I don't even know where you guys get it from.
And it might just be a one-off trade or it might be a two-off trade,
but it's not a statistically proven over 10 course of trades that you're going
to make money.
So this is the key when it comes to the training plan that no matter what
happens in the scenario of you creating it, when you're on a cold mindset,
which is the only time you should ever create it.
Whenever you're in the hot minds, you're in the hot chair,
you're in the market,
you're involved and something just simply didn't work out because no
trading plan is ever a hundred percent win rate and you lose a trade.
Don't change anything.
If you want to revenge trade and get back into another trade the next minute,
the next hour or the next day,
don't,
ever change anything of something that already works. All you're doing is digging yourself into
a bigger hole. And then now you've created a new trading plan or adjusted it when you're on a warm
mindset. And then when you go compare it to the one that you created on the cold mindset, it just
doesn't check out. And now you're just all over the place and you might just even end up giving
up on trading because it might seem very overwhelming. So pick one trading plan and
stick to it. Give it the chance to play out. I can guarantee you many of these trading plans
and strategies out there work. You guys just don't give it the chance to play out. Because
think about it. The market is going to do two things. I haven't figured out what else it's
going to do. It's either going to go up or it's going to go down. It's a 50-50 win rate, 100%.
All you have to do is just find a way for it to make more sense to go up with it or find the way
that make it make sense to go down with it. That is literally it.
And if you give it the course of 10 different attempts, doing the same exact thing every single
time, and you have a positive risk to reward, I can guarantee you, you will make money. And I
will put my name behind that. I will put anything behind that. It just simply makes sense. And as I
promise you guys, I'm going to share with you my trading plan, but not in this video. In this
video right here that you guys can see, I did a whole entire video dedicated solely to my trading
plan. So you guys can learn from it. It's a step-by-step trading plan that I personally
want to use every single day, in addition to what I'm going to share with you inside of this video.
So if you want to see more of the technical stuff, make sure you guys go watch this video right here.
And even with that trading plan and with every guidance, not everybody can be a day trader or
not everybody can be a trader. That leads me to my next point, which is not everybody is meant to
be a profitable trader. It's the simple, harsh truth. I know it might hurt, but I'm just being
honest. I'm just saving some of you guys some time.
And honestly, this shit, you got to be built for it. If you don't have that dog in you,
if you don't have that consistency in you, and you're going to show up every single day without
complaining, if you're not going to put all the excuses behind you, if you're not going to make
yourself a 100% dedicated person to the craft, if you're going to make no excuses, this is not for
you. This is easily, extremely accessible, takes no actual physical work, and anybody can get
involved, but it is not for everybody in order to get to that next level.
You can make a little bit of money and you can definitely get by by making a couple thousand
dollars a month. But if you really want to hit home and be an extremely successful trader,
you have to determine whether you are built for that or not. I'm telling you right now,
not everybody is meant to be a trader. And the simplest analogy that I can make is that
everybody can kick a soccer ball. I can kick a soccer ball. You can kick a soccer ball. It doesn't
matter if you're overweight. It doesn't matter if you're underweight. It doesn't matter if you're
athletic. It doesn't matter if you're not athletic. It doesn't matter. Anybody can kick a
big net. It's very easy. But not everybody can be a professional soccer player. That takes extreme
dedication, health, energy, focus. It's not meant for everybody to be a professional soccer player.
Even though the team has 100 different types of players, the entry barrier is a lot easier than,
let's say, compared to basketball, which is a lot smaller. But not everybody can do it
professionally. You can go to a local park and you can play a little bit and win. But if you really
think about it, it takes a lot of dedication and time. It's the same exact thing with trading.
Anybody can click a buy or a sell button, but not everybody can do it over the time and have
the right mindset and the approach to do it extremely successfully for the rest of their
lives. And I say this from my personal experience. I didn't know I was going to be a trader at the
beginning of my journey or even before when I knew about trading. I just knew I was going to
be successful, but I didn't know exactly what. I just knew that I had that dog in me. I had
that consistency. I had that persistency. I don't make excuses.
I was going to give it my 100% every single day, no matter what. I was going to dial in to whatever
I did, and I knew I was going to succeed. I didn't know it was going to be trading. I just knew that
I had the willpower to put in the work into something, regardless what's the outcome or
what the struggle was going to be. And that's exactly what Set and Forget is all about.
And I'm not sure if it's your first time hearing Set and Forget, but if you want to know what Set
and Forget is, click the link in the description below because it literally lets anybody that has
to make anywhere from $1,000 to $1,500 a week as a beginner trader. I literally show you the
skillset that I use every single week in the markets in order to get my students to make
anywhere from $1,000 to $1,500 a week as a beginner Set and Forget trader. And personally,
myself, I get on a call every single Sunday with my students to share my actual trading ideas so
you guys can literally copy me in what I do every single week. Imagine having a coach and him go with
you to go play at a game every single day. The odds of you winning that game are probably going to be
very high. And that's what I do with my students every single weekend. So if you want to know more
about what Set and Forget is and see if trading is meant for you, simply click the video in the
link below, which explains to you what Set and Forget is all about. It's a free video.
So I appreciate you guys watching this video all the way to the end. If you are not subscribed,
hit the subscribe button. You guys are missing out on videos like this every single week,
and I appreciate you guys watching this video all the way to the end. See you guys in the next video.


==============================
VIDEO 050 — Simplifying Advanced Market Structure in 20 Minutes ｜ Forex Trading Tutorial-sZAE_lqdeno
==============================

welcome ladies and gentlemen to the advanced market structure video now we're going to get
started right away this chart that you have in front of you right now very clearly you can tell
that this is gbp nzd and that we are currently on the four hour time frame and the market structure
that you have in front of you is indicating to you that this market is bearish but as soon as
i snap my fingers my editors have just zoomed in to only the chart and now i can flicker down a
couple pairs and now you no longer know what market this is or what time frame we are on
all that you do see is that you have market structure in front of you so it does not matter
what currency pair you have what stock pair you have what crypto markets in front of you
binaries anything that has a chart has market structure you can't tell what market this is
and you can't tell what time frame this is what you could tell is that this market is bullish or
bearish market structure is absolutely everything in the market and in this video i'm going to be
explaining to the advanced way on how to look up market structure and not care about the time frame
and not care about the markets behind the market structure welcome to the advanced market structure
video oh and by the way this market is aud usd and it's on the four hour i can go back in and i
can change a couple different pairs and i can change to a different time frame and i can snap
my fingers again and we're at a new market that you have in front of you we're talking about the
one-to-one market structure that you have in front of you and i can go back in and i can change a
currency pair and now here you can't tell if we're on the higher time frame or what pair are we on
and this is actually nzd usd on the 15 minute time frame market structure is key everything else does
not matter so let's begin with the most important thing when identifying market structure which is
going to be higher highs and higher lows if a market is bullish a market is consisted of higher
highs and higher lows it is impossible and i i cannot stress this as much as i wish i can it is
impossible to have a bullish market without a higher high or a higher low a higher high tends
to be the highest points of where that current market structure is and the last higher low is
the last higher low not the highest low or the most low low i don't know why people confuse this
and this is a advanced
video so i want you guys to understand the importance of reading this correctly because
it's going to be a lot easier for you to enter trades and capitalize off of them in the future
so we know that this is the higher high and this is the higher low the market will remain bullish
as long as we stay in between this higher high and higher low the moment we body close above or
under this line is when we will have a shift in the market if we close above this higher high
that means we've created a new
new higher high and the higher low has to be the last higher low the simplest way of reading that
is going to the highest point and i like using my snake trick where i simply get this body of
the snake and at the moment that the snake has a sharp turn that is the most higher low a snake
when it wants to move in a different direction it goes and then it turns and then it turns and
then it turns the market when it
wants to move in a different direction, it turns as well. So this is the market turning from being
this higher low to then this higher low. And once again, as long as the market stays in between
this higher high and this higher low, the market will be bullish. Now we can get as close as we can
as we did to this point right here, and we still would be bullish. Remember, we are only shifting
markets if we body candlestick close above or if we close under. If I take this to the chart,
for example, let's say that this would be the higher high right here and that this would be
the higher low right here. This is the head of the snake at this point right here.
The snake goes, it turned, and it keeps going down this.
This is the higher low. We do not place the higher high or higher low at the wicks of a certain move
or at the wicks of a certain move. Higher highs and higher lows are placed at the bodies of the
candlesticks because this is where the market structure is. If I were to come into here
and I would erase the candlesticks and go to the line chart, you can see that the structure
is at this higher low and at this higher high. If we go back to the candlesticks,
you can see that the,
are just the trail of where the market went, but it's not the actual market structure. So once
again, it is impossible to have a bullish market without a higher high or a higher low. The market
will remain bullish as long as we stay in between the higher high and higher low. The moment we body
close above, we have then created a new higher high and we must have a new higher low once we
have a new higher high. It is impossible to have a new higher high without a new higher low. And as
long as we don't body close above either one of these lines, this market will remain bullish until
we close above or we close under. And that is one of the main issues with traders nowadays because
they just pull up to a chart and because they see the overall movement heading up or the overall
movement heading down, they think the market is bullish or a market is bearish. And that cannot
be followed. And that is not the case. And that is not the case. And that is not the case. And
further from the truth. This is one of the biggest mistakes that traders make and says they are not
analyzing the market structure correctly. They are not analyzing the trend of the market correctly.
The simplest example that I can leave of this is let's say that you are hunting and a hunter,
in order for it to catch its prey, they follow footsteps or the tracks of an animal. If you
aren't reading correctly the tracks of an animal, if it's going in one direction or if it was
coming towards one direction, you can completely be walking the opposite way of where the animal is
going. And this is exactly what people do when they analyze and market incorrectly. They can
assume they are reading it incorrectly, but they are actually doing the complete opposite and we
are digging ourselves in a deeper hole. And this is a perfect example. After every example
that I've just shown to you right now. This markets was bullish until we body clam seem to close under
this higher low if you're a beginner trader and i show you this chart like this you'll probably say
that this market is bullish because you would look at it and you would take an assumption that
overall this is bullish because it's just heading to the upside but that cannot be further from the
truth why because this once upon a time was the higher high and then this was the higher low the
fact that the market has now body candlestick closed under this area means that this market
is now bearish we have shifted the market structure from being bullish to bearish so
so has the trend the trend is identified by the market structure without market structure you
cannot identify the trend without footprints or tracks when you go hunting you cannot tell
if there's an animal there and where it is going it is absolutely impossible it is absolutely
impossible to tell if this is bullish bearish without the market structure
so
since this has now created a new lower low this becomes the new lower low and you must need
a new lower high it is impossible to have a new lower low without a new lower high so if we were
to implement the exact same snake trick you get the head of the snake right here you follow the
body here and as soon as the movement turns this now becomes the new lower high that is where the
snake has shifted that is the last lower high that the market has left now exactly the same as
when the market was bullish this market can do absolutely whatever it wants inside of here
as long as we don't body candlestick close above or below the lower high or lower low we will
remain bearish if we decide from this point right here to then do this we have created a new lower
low meaning we must have a new lower low and we have created a new lower low meaning we must have a
new lower high and a new lower high is identified by getting the head of the snake following it back
and as soon as you get the turn that is where the new lower high is placed it is very easy and very
straightforward now same exact thing happens the moment the body candlestick closes above we have
now shifted and now this is a new higher high this becomes a higher high it is impossible to have a
higher high without a higher low so it's impossible to have a higher high without a higher low so it's
then this higher low will then shift to then this new point right here this is the simplest and most
advanced version of market structure just to identify what the market is doing because a
somewhat experienced trader that still hasn't figured it out just yet can look at this market
and be like oh this market is in consolidation this market is choppy it's an arranging market
sure it could be an arranging market but it's not it's not an arranging market it's an arranging market
but inside of arranging market there is market structure now what is the market structure doing
is the market structure bullish or is the market structure bearish it does not matter if it is even
a market structure that is as tight as this one right here it can be in the most choppy movement
that you have ever seen in your life where it is in the exact same spot for weeks months years it
can be in the exact same spot forever but there is
market structure inside of this consolidation move right here and i want to test you i want to see
if you've been paying attention up to this point right now pause the video and tell me inside of
that consolidation is this market bullish or is this market bearish and you know what to make it
a little bit easier i've decided to make it a little bit bigger so you can go ahead and take
your time and not make a mistake pay attention to what i just said now that you have your answer
i want you to know exactly why you have your answer
you might be correct or you might be incorrect but i want you to know exactly why you're correct
or exactly why you're incorrect this market started off as creating a higher high and
this point down here was then the higher low as long as we remain above or under the higher low
we will then continue to be bullish the market body candlestick closed at that very point right
there yes something as small as that counts as
a shift of structure because the market simply did shift structure so then this becomes the new
higher low this low point right here that closed under this line then we need a new lower high
it is impossible to have a lower low without a lower high we get the head of the snake and then
we follow it up what does it turn right here this is the snake trick and that is the new lower high
cool as long as we remain above or on the
these lines we will remain bearish we body candlestick closed above at this very point
right here where then is has shifted to then being bullish this is the new higher high
we do the snake trick this becomes the new higher low at this point right here
we shifted bearish once again here now that we've shifted bearish we do the snake trick it turns
and this becomes the lower high this becomes a new higher high so on and so forth this
becomes a new higher high after this point the market did not shift up into this point
this becomes a new higher high and then this becomes the higher low body candlestick closed
under this now shifts bearish this is now the head of the snake and if we follow the
body of the snake this is where it turned so this becomes the lower high and this market
structure as of right now in this ranging market is bearish so if you add to this
make sure you know exactly how you did it correctly if you answered it correctly
and you didn't do it like this you simply answered it correctly without knowing how
to analyze the market correctly so make sure you write down these notes because it's so important
to executing trades and making money so now that you understand that to perfection because
it is very simple i want to ask you once again another quiz is this market bullish
or is this market bearish now pause the video line it up and why do you think it's bullish why
do you think it's bearish place your lower high or lower low your higher high and higher low
make a mistake because i'm going to be right here to fix it for you live go ahead pause
the video so now that you've made a mistake probably or not if you were paying attention
in the last couple of minutes this market currently started off creating a lower low
lower high lower low lower high lower low lower high lower low lower high and lower low this is how
this market would have looked if i would have presented it to you on the line chart this is
how i see this market in the candlestick chart this market is indeed bearish and this point
right here is the lower high and this point right here is now the lower low it is very simple very
straight to the point into this market does not body candlestick close above this point or this
point there will be no shift in structure in this market same exact thing right here this is the
lower high this is the lower low so the market does not body candlestick close above or under
there is no shift in this market this market will remain bearish into that very point and you want
to know the craziest part that you didn't even know what time frame this was on you can't tell
if this is on the daily if this is on the weekly or if this is on the one minute you want to know
the best part
you will never know and i wanted you guys to identify that market for what the market is
not because it's a crypto and the crypto's down or because it's a stock and the stock is strong
or because it's a currency pair and one pair is stronger than the other that does not matter when
you're reading market structure when you're reading market structure you're reading market
structure and that is it now we are on to the next quiz once again pause this video is this
market bullish or is this market bearish place your higher highs and place your
higher lows or your lower highs and lower lows so now that you have placed your higher highs and
higher lows let's see if you're correct this market currently at this very moment started
off creating a lower low lower high lower low higher high higher low higher high and now we have
a lower low this market went from creating bullish structure to now shifting to bearish structure
this was the higher low at one point and this was the higher high at another the moment the candlestick
closed under this has now shifted to being the lower low and this has now shifted to being the
lower high reading market structure is so essential to understanding what the market is
going to be doing so you can make an execution on a trade and make money the best example that i can
put of this is let's say an experience on a trading platform let's say an experience on a trading platform
hunter an experienced hunter they're going to be able to see the track of an animal identify what
type of animal it is if it's a male or a female and if that animal is heading to the north
heading to the east heading down to river to drink water whatever the case is this
is what we are looking at right here we are looking at the tracks of the market we're able
to identify is this market going to the upside is this market going to the downside
the different types of time frames let us know the details of the movement but it's the exact
same movement a hunter can look at a track and if he looks at it with his vision if he puts on
glasses gets a microscope takes a picture scans it it's the exact same track it's just different
ways to identify it so he gets a better idea what animal it is and what age it has and what
direction it's headed when we're looking at the market when we zoom in into the lower time frame
and go to the higher time frames we're looking at the exact same market structure just more details
of it so we have a better understanding of how much more can this move go how long can we have
on our stop loss on a take profit where should we see this going within a week within a month
is this market even actually going to go there we're just looking at the same movement
just in a little bit more detail so with reading the market structure correctly you're going to be
able to understand where the market is headed and then there you can decide what
you're going to do is it the right time to execute a trade should i wait or do i need
something else for the market to happen for me to execute the trade perfect example is the hunter
the hunter can see what type of track it is let's say he identifies that it's an elk and he could
tell by the size of the footprint that it's a very big male elk but the elk is headed up a mountain
and usually elks when they head up a mountain it's to eat food but for at night time they come back
down again i'm not a hunter
this is just a theory but at that very moment of you looking at that track it's early in the
morning does it make logical sense for you to go up that mountain behind the elk or should you wait
so a little bit later in the afternoon and wait for it to come back down the mountain so then you
can go and proceed your shop once the elk comes to you this is the exact same thing in the markets
when you do market structure and you do your top analysis and you understand if the market is
bullish or bearish you can decide should i go and chase this market and continue
buying with it or is the market at too much of a high price or too much at a low price and wait
for a retracement so then i can execute the trade you identifying the market structure correctly
will let you know exactly at what point the market is and you can make a decision off of that
right then and there which the majority of the time it's going to give you anywhere from a 60
to 75 accuracy on every single one of your trades and to show you how easy this is let me show you
so right here you can
really identify that this market structure at this very moment is bearish this market was
creating lower low shifted to bullish then shifted right back to bearish and now we have
a lower high and a lower low making this market bearish now this market is bearish it is at a
lower low now you can make a decision at this lower low should i sell at the lowest point
this market has which in turn if i were to flip this chart around
it is should i buy at the highest point this market is or should i wait for some type of
retracement and when we have this retracement now i'm getting a better rate on the investment that
i'm making it makes more of a logical sense so then i have a greater return that is exactly what
market structure does and it gives you the perfect entry point to doing that and i have this video
for you right here which is the top down analysis video which i explained to the t on how to use this
market structure to properly do a top-down analysis and where and when and how to execute
a trade so you're able to capitalize off of correctly reading the market structure market
structure is only 50 of the problem now how you do that together with top down analysis
and your signal and trading at the right times is where you actually make the money
that's what this video is about so make sure you guys go ahead and check it out
because i break down absolutely everything for free thank you guys very much for watching this
video and i'll see you in the next video bye-bye
all the way to the end hit that like and subscribe button and i will see you guys in the next video


==============================
VIDEO 051 — Steal My 3 Step A+ Trading Strategy to Become Profitable in 2026-vOfJf3FdJT4
==============================

This three-step A plus SMC trading strategy is the reason that I am a profitable trader.
It was the first ever strategy that made me profitable and still to this day is my best
strategy. The one that makes me the most money and is the most consistent. And in this video,
I'm going to reveal to you step-by-step how to trade this strategy along with a full breakdown
of a trade that I took live with my Inner Circle students and I made a little over $12,000
on this specific trade. I'm going to break everything down, reveal everything in this
video. And if you stay to the end, I'm going to reveal a bonus and I have a special gift for you
that you only know what it is at the end of this video. So stick around, let's dive straight into
step number one of the three steps. So as you can see on screen right now, this is the exact trade
that was produced from this strategy. It's also the exact trade that so many of my members took
because I forecasted it live ahead of time. So I'm going to show you how to trade this strategy
ahead of time with my live trading students. So step one is the daily bias. So the daily bias,
what is it and how does it work? Daily bias is the idea that we just need to understand what's
going to happen on this one trading day in order to consistently make money. And for the daily bias,
how you can guarantee a daily bias every single day, here are two of the most common ways that
I personally build a daily bias. And it's based off of the daily trading strategy. So I'm going to
show you how to trade a daily bias. So let's start with the daily bias. So let's start with the
daily bias. So you can see here, we have two examples, number one and number two. We'll start
with number one. And this is how to understand whether we will have a bearish day. So you can
see here, we have a bullish daily candle followed by another bullish daily candle that closes above
the high. So what you can expect the next daily candle to do, it will almost definitely trade
above this high, like so. Now here's the key. If this candle is a bearish daily candle,
trades above this high, and so that would be the high of the day. And then all of a sudden it
reverses and actually trades back down into here, producing a bearish candle. This would be your
wick, right? That's how a candlestick works. You essentially have the open, the high, meaning the
highest point that price went in that daily candle, the close, and then let's say price
ended up trading a little bit lower down to here, and then
it snapped back up. Your daily candle would look something like this. And that would be your daily
candle, right? You would have your open, high, low, close, right? That is a candle. Now here's
the key. If this daily candle wicks above the previous day's high and closes inside of the
trading range, there is a very high probability, right? Statistically speaking, proven with data,
the next day will
trade below this low. So this then becomes your target for that day. And if you come into the
markets and we haven't yet taken out that low, that is the objective of the day. Now, sometimes
what may happen is you may get into the market and we're already below that, or that point there,
the daily bias is already completed. But there will be many times where you will open that day
and price will start to trade bullish, right? So this would be a bullish candle. Price starts to
trade toward the buy side, and then it peaks and puts in the high. If you have a candle like this,
right, which is counterintuitive to many people, let's say this is your current daily candle.
Counterintuitive to many people. Many people look at this daily candle as a bullish candle.
They start trying to buy it. The reality is, is if you have this daily bias, this is untargeted,
meaning we haven't traded through it yet. I want to sell the bullish candle. So I want to get
involved in sales. And my objective of that day is to find the highest possible price. So if you
of the day, which you're going to see me do when I break down the trade at the end of this video.
So you want to catch the high of the day. And step number two will tell you how you can identify
that. So I want to essentially catch the high of day because a lot of the times what happens
is price will first trade higher, and then it will eventually flip and obviously leaving a big wick
like this. And then it ends up flipping to bearish, right? You will see it many times when
you see a bearish candle like this, right? And then it will eventually flip and then it will
wick heavy and then bearish. When price was up here, it looked extremely bullish. Everybody was
scared to sell this candle. But I want to get involved when the market seems like it's going
to trade higher, right? That is how you get your risk reward. And this becomes your target,
again, with a statistical probability. Now, if we look at scenario number two,
which is a little bit of a different variation. So let's say, for example, we again have two
bullish daily candles. Let's say price opens on this day. We start trading bearish to begin with.
And then we start trading bearish. And then we start trading bearish. And then we start trading
bullish. And then maybe we shift to bullish, which happens almost all of the time. On a bullish
day, you will start bearish first. And this becomes a bullish candle. And then let's say it has a
little bit of a pullback, which obviously leaves behind a wick. Well, if I come into the market
and I see that the previous day, so I'm on the new day now, this day has broken and closed above
the previous day, that usually indicates a continuation, meaning the target for that day
is simply going to be the highs up here.
Now, again, in some occasions, when you come to the market, you may be at the market and we are
already above this high. But sometimes you will come into the market, price may be put in,
you know, it opened up, it went high a little bit, and then price starts coming down bearish.
Now, whilst this candle is building and it looks bearish right now, that is exactly when I want to
be buying it. I want to try to find the low of this day because statistically speaking, the
likelihood is, is that we are going to shift back from bearish, right, and give a long wick and then
shift back to bullish, right? And I want to be the buyer at these lows and I want to get out of my
position at these highs. And so that's how we can ultimately play the daily bias, right? That is
step one. So step one is essentially having a daily bias. Now, if we go back to the trade that
I executed on this day, so this is how the current day looks. Now, notice here,
this candle represents the current daily candle. So when we move, you can see this daily candle
moves with it. This is the current daily candle projected on whatever timeframe that I'm on.
So I'm on the 15 minute timeframe. You can see that that candle represents this, right? So you
can see right now that we have a very, very bearish daily candle. However, if we go back
and we look at the previous day before 5pm when the daily candle opens, this is the previous
day. So if we go into the daily timeframe, you can already see that this is what this daily
timeframe looks like. And again, ahead of time, I have already called out to my members that we
were going to get a reversal most likely on Wednesday. For reasons that I won't explain in
this video, I don't want to confuse you. But notice that this is how the daily candle finishes,
right? This is 5pm. I have a target of this daily low here as my target that I expect price to reach
to. So notice now the new day is about to open and this is the daily candle. Well, that is a very,
very bullish daily candle. We have
an enclosed above the previous day's high plus a lot of other highs. Very, very bullish. Well,
I would be expecting a continuation higher, but in an ideal world, which would give me an A plus
setup. First, I want to see a bearish retracement like this. I want to see price open, start to come
down like this, right? Leave a wick at the lows and then reverse into a daily bullish candle. And
that would look something like this.
And my objective is simply to get involved at the low of the day. You can see it here, right? Here's
a daily candle. This is where we close that day. The new day opens. First, it comes high and then
it goes low. You would have made a lot of money getting involved at the high of this candle if you
can find the high of the day, which is what I'm going to show you to do in step number two. So
that is the daily bias. And again, this is next level source that I am revealing. This is the type
of source that I literally only reveal in this video. So I'm going to show you how to do that.
I'm going to show you how to do that inside of my mentorship. So I don't know, I'm feeling
generous today. This is what I'm looking for. Again, you can see now, now the new day has
started. So you know that the previous day's high is here. Very, very big bullish candle. The
daily candle starts at 5pm, right? So the daily candle opens here and it's extremely bullish and
it closes at 5pm, which is right here when the new candle opens. So this is the high, this is
the close. So we open the day. Now, again, I'm going to show you how to do that. So I'm going to
again, a lot of the times price will just maybe continue trading above the highs and you can't
capitalize on the daily bias. But on this day, this is not my trading session yet. I have to wait
for my trading session. Notice that we do not take out the previous day's high. In fact, we're coming
for a retracement. And you can see here, now my London session begins. So this is a London session
trade. And again, this trade was live called ahead of time to my inner circle members, which by the
way, if you're a trader who is serious about becoming profitable, and you're not going to
just want a course or a community, but actually wants to see somebody live trade every single day
and trade alongside them, then you can feel free to register. The link is in my description. But
you can see here, this is the London session. Now this is the session that I'm trading. So
I now know that I'm expecting a bullish continuation. There is my swing high above
these highs. That's my target for the day. Plain and simple. That is just the daily bias.
Notice that this daily candle is extremely bearish. So at some point, I want to find the
low of this day. So the low of day. And I want to be a buyer at the low of day. And I want to get
out of my position at the previous day's high. It is literally that simple. So how do we do that?
Well, moving into step number two helps a lot. So step two is my intraday bias. This is what
really enables me and gives me an additional layer of confluence. The daily bias, by the way, is a
great, great concept. However, the intraday bias is more of an intraday bias. And that's what I'm
talking about here. The intraday bias is more important because some days you might have the
daily bias already finished, but the intraday bias will never let you down. So what is an
intraday bias? For me personally, an intraday bias is a 15 minute trend. That's it. I am an
intraday trader. I'm a scalper. I want to get in and out on that one specific session. That's it.
So I need to identify the direction of that session. And the way that I do that is I use
the 15 minute time frame, which many of you have already known by now. I use the 15 minute time
frame. And I'm just identifying the trend of the day. And that's what I'm talking about here. So I'm
at the end of that 15 minute time frame. I have a very specific way that I identify highs and lows,
and I identify swing lows, swing highs, and then I identify the trend. And so we have, as you can see
here, a higher low, meaning that this low here is higher than the previous one, indicating bullish
structure. Then we have a higher high, right? A break of structure, again, indicating bullish
structure. Pullback, higher low, continuation, break of structure, higher high, pullback. And
now what we're anticipating is what? At some point, probably a higher low, and then
a continuation. So I need to make sure that the 15 minute time frame is aligned with my daily bias.
The intraday bias and the daily bias need to be aligned. This makes for an A plus setup. So it's
a very simple thing. Now, a lot of the times, this is what we're told market structure looks
like, right? Very simple, very easy to understand, you know, swings. The reality, though, is honestly
a little bit more complicated. A lot of the times, structure maybe delivers itself like this,
right? And this can really confuse people.
From time to time. This is usually how the market looks like. Now, for me, nothing changes. It's
just as easy to read. But I'll highlight some of the mistakes that a lot of people make when
trying to identify the trend of the M15 or an intraday bias in general. And that mistake is
that they use internal structure. So for me, I'm using the external structure. So swing low down
here, swing high up here. That's my base point framework. What you can do is you can take the low
to the high here. Let's just change this color.
The low to the high.
Drag that across. Simple box method, right? It's so simple. And anything inside this box is internal
structure. So you don't get confused. Because what happens is when we put in a high, price comes lower,
but it doesn't go in straight lines. Price usually comes and trades like this. And so a lot of the
times what happens to traders is price starts coming back like this and then does this. And
they're like, OK, so we have a high. We have a low. We have a lower high, lower low, lower high,
lower low. OK, great. Now it's time for me to sell.
When the reality is, is we are still bullish. And actually, the lower we come back into this price
leg, into the discount of the price leg, the higher probability that we're going to extend
and continue higher. So this is a really bad idea to be trying to short from here. And then again,
we shift internally back to bullish and then we continue higher again. And when we break out of
this box, that's a valid break of structure. So when we break out of that box, we have now a new
higher high. And if we look back, it's very simple. This is the box. The lowest point inside this box,
before the break outside of the box, is your swing low. It's completely mechanical, like it
couldn't be any simpler. This is the lowest point in this box before we break out of that box. So
this now becomes my swing low. Not this low, right? A lot of people see price action and maybe, you
know, we're up here like this. Maybe we're like this, right? And we haven't broken above that box.
What happens? Price comes here like this and they look at this like, OK, low, high, low, high.
OK. OK, bearish.
We've shifted in here and we've shifted here. OK, now I'm going to sell. Wrong. That's why you get
trapped on the wrong side of the market. The biggest key, if you want to make it so difficult
to lose in the long term, just make sure you have the direction right. Like if you're right
on direction, a lot of the times, if you have a good framework to get the right direction of the
day, it's very difficult to lose money. But a lot of people get wrong direction constantly. That was
one of my biggest mistakes in the beginning, which is why I went so in-depth, collected so many years
worth of data to make sure that I had the right direction. So if you want to make it so difficult,
you've got to have solid, absolutely solid rules in place to tell me what the trend of the day is
with statistical proof. Everybody's got opinions on what you should do. I prefer to let the data
decide for me, not people's opinion. So if you want, go do this yourself. Collect the data on
what I'm sharing with you. But I'm telling you what I'm sharing is data verified. Yeah, that
becomes it, right? We have a higher high, a higher low and then a continuation higher high. So when
price comes down in here, what am I expecting? I'm expecting that we're probably going to get a
higher high, but we need to wait for a reversal, which is going to be step number four. But before
we get into step number four, we need to go to step number two. So step number two, if we look at the
market and apply this, here's what we do, right? So you can see this is kind of how the price tag
looks. And again, there are many people, many people have their opinions on what the M15 structure
should be, or it's very difficult. And I get it. Like some people look at the market and they're
like, okay, swing low, swing high. Okay, lower low. Okay, we're bearish. And they're just trying
to short every move.
Down to here, right? And they just zoom like extremely far in. And they're like, okay, this
is the M15 trend. Okay, we had a high, we had a low. Okay, we have a high here, we have a low
here. Okay, we have a high, we have a low. Okay, now we break this low, let's say. We haven't
broken it yet. We're below it. Okay, we'll break this low. Okay, now we're bearish. Okay, now
we're looking for sales. Or they might zoom even closer and they'll be like, okay, we have a high,
we have a low. Okay, we're bearish. Okay, price is bearish. Okay, price bearish, I'm going to
sell, right?
It's confusing. And I get it. I have been in this boat. That's why I understand it probably
better than anyone else. I have been wrong so many times in the past on the direction of price.
This is actually another trade that we executed live with our members playing this exact same
strategy. But yeah, step number two, in practice, for me, I have very specific rules. I've spoken
about them on the channel before for me for what structure is. So in this instance, we were bearish,
we were very bearish. For me, I had
this is the high, right? Many people then go, okay, this is a low. For me, it's personally not.
They say, okay, this is a low. For me, it isn't. This is the low. And the reason for that is very,
very simple. I use a mechanical method to calculate whether we are actually bullish or bearish. And I
do it specifically based on candle closures of breaks below lows with a minimum of three candles,
right? It's a literal checklist of a rule that you have to follow. And none of these break
continuations do that because they are all wicks. And some of them may be two candles. This
everything wicks below this low, then it becomes a new low. And then we only wick below it, then the
new low. So this is the swing high. This is the swing low, we break above that swing high. So now
we've shifted bullish. So when this high got taken out, we had shifted bullish. At that point,
you can see that this is the high, this gives me exactly what I need, which is at least three
bearish candles that succeed each other that break below each other that put in a swing low that give
me a new high.
Higher high, higher low, higher high. So now I know my swing structure. This is my swing low, and this is my
swing high. So now I've been able to isolate it. You see, when you have a bullish day, this is my swing high,
which is also the high of previous day. And this is my swing low. So I know that objectively speaking, there is a
low probability that price is going to trade below this low. For many people, they might look at this as one
bullish leg.
And they're like, okay, I'm going to wait for price to hit 50% or I'm going to wait price hit the 61% or the 78.6%
retracement. And then I'm going to try and buy. Wrong. The actual swing low is here and the swing high is here. Right?
Again, a rule that I built myself and tested myself with years of data. So I know that it won't let me down over an
extended period of time. So that is step number two. I now know that we are bullish intraday and we have a bullish
daily bias.
This makes for an absolute
A plus setup. It's a peach of a setup. But we need to have step number three, which is the liquidity. So I'm going to
bring price back just to here right around midnight Eastern Standard Time. And the reason I'm bringing it back here is
there is something very, very important. For me, everything that we've just discussed is incredible. We have the daily
bias, which gives you a clear indication of the direction of the day. Amazing. We have the intraday bias, which is
literally a
Godsend. Incredible. But if we don't have this rule here,
everything becomes
pointless and you will take loss after loss
after loss. And that is step number three. My liquidity sweep up Asia, the daily
cycle. You see Asia, statistically speaking, Asia high and Asia low, oftentimes get
liquidated. So if I am bullish for the day, which I very clearly am, which you have seen using the daily bias, can your
So if I am bullish for the day, which I very clearly am, which you have seen using the daily virus, you will Cristina
So, I am bullish for the day, which I very clearly am, which you have seen using the daily bias, can you get a Sierra B clues.
And those are words that are morecapable if an interest rate is the highest and then you are born again in a good situation than your
daily bias and the intraday bias, I'm bullish for the day. But if London session opens like this
and I get all my confirmation, but Asia has not been liquidated, meaning the low of Asia has not
been taken out, I can not trade. Because my data tells me that if I try to trade without this low
being taken first, I will lose money. So it is imperative that this Asia session low gets
liquidated. And that is my step number three. My step number three is that we have to trade below
Asia session low. Now, if you look back, notice that yesterday we were actually bearish. So I
didn't need Asia low to be taken out. But notice that in yesterday's example, Asia low didn't get
taken out. Now there are some days where Asia low doesn't get taken out. But on the good days,
especially when we're trending bearish, you can see, right, we're trending bearish, Asia high,
liquidated, sell off. The next day, we're bearish, Asia high, liquidated, sell off,
caught a really, really nice trade. So again, I'm literally revealing source in this video right
now, which again, a lot of the times I do genuinely reserve for my inner circle students. But I don't
know, today I'm feeling generous. So I must see this Asia session low get liquidated. That is step
number three. Now I told you this is a three step system. The reality is, is there is a bonus
because what you could do, you could be the trader. Again, this is something I used to look
at. You could be the trader who tries to do this, for example, right?
You could be the trader who has a bullish read on price. There are so many traders out there that
trade a one to 1.5, one to two risk reward ratio. I'm not knocking you. But for me personally,
anything under a one to five, unless it's my other model is ridiculous. For me, the minimum
risk reward that I will take on my other strategies is a one to three risk reward. On this
strategy, the minimum I will take is a one to five risk reward. So I used to have a variation where I
tried to look at it like this. Daily bias bullish, M15 intraday bias bullish. Have to see Asia low
get taken out. So I want to see Asia low get taken out. So I want to see Asia low get taken out. So I
want to basically trade when we take out that low of Asia and then I buy and I just look at that.
That's a one to 1.5 risk to reward. So if I risk $1,000 on this trade, I will make $1,540. $540
of actual profit. Really, really, really not a good risk to reward, right? Still probably
profitable. Really not a great risk to reward. So my bonus step that takes trades that could
be a one to two, a one to three, maybe, and turns them into being able to catch sniper entries and
literally see one to five, one to six, one to seven, one to eight. In yesterday's trade that
I'll be releasing to you guys soon that I caught again with my live members was a one to 12.5 risk
to reward ratio. And again, there was over $150,000 in student profits from that trade alone.
Don't worry, that will be in a different video. Don't worry, I will break that.
One down that is a banger that will become in the next couple of weeks. I'll show you how to take
those poor entries where you don't know where to have your stop loss that return one to 1.5,
one to two risk rewards, put them on steroids and return one to five, one to six, one to seven
with just one simple method. And that is fractals or confirmation. So you see everything we've gone
through, right? We explained how when we're bearish, essentially, you know, when we're
bullish, sorry, we want to be catching the low of day, right? And you can see in this
example, it looks complicated, but really, we're just, you know, bullish, right? This is the actual
structure. We're bullish. Now when I come into this day, again, I need to see Asia get taken
out. So let's say the day starts, like exactly today. And then Asia is building up like this,
I need to see this Asia low get taken out before my session, which is my London is two to 5am
Eastern Standard Time, Asia get taken out, then I need to see this. This model here is
the best entry model that you can take from my experience. And it is the lower time frame
reversal model, where on the lower time frame, when price is coming down like this, you can see
that price is bearish. Eventually, at some point, if the 15 minute time frame is going to go from
higher high, higher low to higher high, in this level here, there's going to be a lower time
frame shift, a one minute shift, a five minute shift, whatever it is that you may look for. For
one minute time frame, I need to see the one minute time frame on the way down be bearish.
And then shift bullish. When it shifts bullish, that's my go sign. That is my indication. Now I
go long, put my stops on the lows. And then I target these highs. And that's why I'm able to
get one to five because I wait for pinpoint precision entries with low stop loss sizes,
so that I can target these intraday highs with great efficiency, and a very high risk reward.
Which means that I am very easily able to profit. Because even if I lose a few trades in a row,
one winner knocks all of the losses and gives me profit. When you have a couple of these winners in
a row, and you're stacking up 5% on 5%, on 7%, on 9%, it's ridiculous. Like there is literally
no catching up. And again, like I said, in fact, I'll put a screenshot up right now. Five years of
data between two models, right? The data, and it's the same entry model on both of the models. So
you can see that here, the London session opened. So here the London session is opening. You can see
at this moment in time, the daily is bearish. I'm expecting that this daily candle will reverse and
become bullish, right? That's what I indicated to the members before anything happened. This daily
candle that is bearish will turn bullish. That was my daily plan. Now we're in here, New York is
about to hit 2am, which means London session opens. I'm waiting for a lower timeframe shift. One
minute structure. So for me, my one minute structure, again, you can very clearly see it. The one minute here is
here is bullish, right? The one minute is bullish, then it shifts bearish. At this point,
the one minute is bearish. High, low, complex pullback, lower low, right? Break below those
lows. Lower low, lower high, break of structure. Lower low, lower high, break of structure. Lower
low, higher high, but fails and then goes lower low. Swing high, swing low. So the one minute
time frame here is bearish and the swing high on the one minute time frame is this high. So I need
to see this high get taken out. If this high gets broken and we close above this high, that is my
green flag. That right now, as we look, sellers are in control. Price is trading lower. I want
to be a buyer. I need to wait for buyers to take control of the market. This is what enables me
to win more trades because I wait for the market to show me what it's going to do
instead of just trying to act. I could just try and buy right now, but the truth is,
is the only way that I'm going to know that we are going to go to these highs with a good
probability is if we get buyers step in and outweigh sellers, right? It's that simple. So
what do we do? We look at this high in here. We wait for this high to get taken out.
You can see London session opens. That's my green box right here. London session opens.
We're just playing around. At this point, I'm not interested in anything. I don't need anything.
I'm literally just waiting.
And then boom, that high gets taken. Buyers have just stepped in control. Now people are like,
oh, what about the equal lows? You know, liquidity below those lows? Sure, then maybe liquidity below
those lows. Doesn't mean they have to be taken right now. Could be taken at a later date and
time. Might not get taken at all. This is a lower significance than this. So if you're the type of
trader who tries to find every little thing that could be wrong with your trade, you will never
take a trade. You'll take one trade a month, two trades a month because you're stuck in overthinking
your trade instead of executing on an edge. The truth is, is there's no edge that is
invincible, that doesn't lose a trade, that isn't imperfect, that doesn't have drawbacks,
that one doesn't exist. You have to learn how to trade your edge, trade your data. That is how you
win. So that's my confirmation. How do I enter the market? Very simple. Five minute time frame.
You can see here, right? Massive absorption of sellers. Sellers tried to push price down.
They're trying to push price down.
buyers are defending this level buyers clearly outweigh sellers then it becomes a case of how
can i get 5r so you can look at this right here which is 4.9 risk reward but then that's only a
1 to 3.67 so what you can do is either a you can bring your stops lower right and take it to a 1
to 5 which is still fine for me in this scenario or b what you can do and sometimes i do is instead
of holding it in here like this you just actually extend your take profit to a 1 to 5 toward the
buy side so no matter what you do whether you pull it down or spin it up again different scenarios
require different approaches i'll be honest you have to understand and the data is what tells you
that but in general that is the idea that's the trade idea and we'll put it at this high and
entry for this i literally took a 1 to 5 risk reward right exactly 1 to 5 that's entry
great reaction that's your opportunity to go to break even straight through and take profit
clean
simple efficient you are in at 350 you are out at 615 you're in there for two hours right two and a
half hours in that trade everything in your direction done for the day see you later trade
new york if you want or done for the day five percent let's say you've got four hundred thousand
dollars in assets under management right many of our members have 400k 400k one percent risk five
of twenty percent eighteen thousand dollar day on that one trade for me i only capitalized 12k on
this trade because i only had a couple hundred thousand dollars that was in active risk on this
specific position but yeah that for me twelve thousand dollar day nothing crazy but yeah that
is this three-step a plus setup trading strategy now the free gift that i told you about if you
stay to the end you will find that the link in the description it's a free course enjoy


==============================
VIDEO 052 — STEAL This Easy Day Trading Strategy I Taught Ashton Hall (A Complete Beginner)-bGpZ1QhOJQI
==============================

The whole world moves because of the currency exchange.
Oh yeah, without forex, the world would not work.
Bullish.
Yes!
Oh, this is crazy.
No, I didn't think I was going to get it at first.
You'd be surprised how many people would get that wrong.
Yeah, I'd be about to change my profession.
I've had students taking $1,000 to about $130,000 the first three weeks.
Then they'll blow that.
What's your advice if I'm a student?
We weren't woke.
We just knew we had to go to school.
Man, I should have been doing this instead of college.
No.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to a very interesting video today.
We're going to be teaching the man, the myth, the legend, Ashton Hall, how to trade today.
I'm ready.
And thank God I'm wearing a hoodie because I'm feeling very small next to the man right here.
You got the beard.
You can't have everything, brother.
Come on now.
Well, today, so have you ever traded before in your life?
Never.
Never.
Literally.
You have no experience in there?
You've never bought crypto?
You've never done anything?
I see people trading and I'm just like, it's sign language.
I see nothing.
It's probably like Chinese, like different up and down.
I told my Chinese.
I told my Chinese.
I said, if I'm going to trade, I'm going to do Ali's G and we're here.
Okay.
Fine.
I appreciate that.
I appreciate you dressing in me.
Right?
So today we're going to be teaching you how to trade.
I'm going to literally be teaching you all the basics.
What is trading?
How it works?
How to execute a trade.
And at the end of it, you're going to take three real trades.
We're going to go back testing and we're going to put what I taught you to test.
If you catch one of the three trades correct, you win because you're going to be in the
profitable.
All this math will make sense at the end.
But if you get all of them wrong, then you are out.
I will have to eat the world's hottest chip.
Right?
So the goal is to not eat this chip.
We're going to stay away.
We're going to stay safe.
So you got to pay attention to what I'm going to be teaching you today.
So with that being said, are you ready?
A hundred percent.
Let's do it.
All right.
Perfect.
Okay.
So when it comes to the markets, there's multiple different types of markets, right?
So you're going to have the Forex market, which is short for foreign exchange.
Don't mind my handwriting.
So Forex.
Is short for foreign exchange.
Yeah.
You also have the stock market.
You're also going to have futures markets, and then you're also going to have crypto,
right?
So these are all very, very, very, very different markets, right?
At the end of the day, they all represent price in the form of a chart.
They're going to see lines that go up and down and all they're doing is representing what is
happening on this specific markets in the chart format.
It's all the same thing, right?
Okay.
So once you learn how to read this chart format, you can pretty much trade anything.
Yeah.
Because once you learn how to read the charts, it's just being represented in either foreign exchange, which is for dollars.
So for example, here you're going to have, let's say the Euro versus the USD.
Yeah.
So the Euro is going to be fighting the USD.
The USD is going to be fighting the Euro.
Okay.
So think about this as Mike Tyson.
And then think of this as Holyfield, right?
Okay.
Both of these guys are in a fight.
Yeah.
But think about this fight as it never ends.
It's literally a constant fight that is going down 24, five.
So foreign exchange market is open 24 hours out of day for five days a week.
It's closed on the weekend, right?
So all this is the foreign exchange market.
Yeah.
So Holyfield and Mike Tyson are simply fighting all the time.
Sometimes Mike Tyson gets a good uppercut.
Sometimes Holyfield gets a gut shot.
Mike Tyson might bite his ear, something like that.
Yeah.
Right.
So it's a fight that happens constantly.
And you're basically going to be betting Holyfield is going to win round number three, or Mike Tyson is going to win round number five.
Yeah.
And there's never a winner.
The fight never ends.
Yeah.
So you're just basically going to bet that they're going to one of the fighters is going to win for the next two rounds, three rounds.
Yeah.
Three rounds, four rounds, so on.
Okay.
And that's going to reflect on the market in terms of days.
You think the Euro is going to beat the dollar for two days, for one hour, for 15 minutes?
You can pretty much break it down as long as you want.
Okay.
So you think Mike Tyson is having better stamina than Holyfield?
There's only two fields, Euro and then USD.
Yeah.
For the foreign exchange, this example.
Yeah.
But there's endless.
For Forex.
Yeah, for Forex.
You can have the GBPUSD, which is the pound.
Pound versus the dollar.
You can have USDJPY, which is the dollar versus the Japanese yen.
Yeah.
It's endless amounts of different markets, but the basis is the same.
So when someone says they do Forex, they're trading.
They're trading.
Yeah.
What do you do for a living?
Forex.
Forex trade.
Yeah.
But at no point do you ever own any one of these currency pairs ever.
All you're doing is just betting that one of them is going to be stronger than the other for a short period of time or a long period of time.
Okay.
That is Forex trading.
Yeah.
Right.
The stock market is a little bit different when it comes to the stock market.
What's the best one?
Forex.
Forex?
Yeah.
I'll explain to you why.
Right?
Because you can make the most?
You can make the most.
It's open the longest and you can have the lowest entry barrier.
So you can start off Forex with a hundred bucks and you have leverage with a one to five hundred.
So this is very important and I'm going to explain why.
Yeah.
So with Forex, you can start off with as little as a hundred bucks and you have buying power of a one to five hundred.
So meaning this one hundred dollars.
You have a multiplier of fifty on it.
Okay.
So you this really is about five thousand dollars in terms of buying power.
So you can trade as if it were to be much higher in your account.
Yeah.
Now, obviously, that turns to more risk, which this can get lost a lot easier if, for example, if you were to have a leverage of a one to fifty.
Yeah.
But the opportunity to make more money is a lot greater because you have more leverage.
Yeah.
When it comes to the stock market, the minimum entry is going to be around anywhere from ten thousand dollars to twenty-five.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And the leverage can be limited to a one to twenty-five.
So you're really limited to a very small amount of money of the money you put in.
Yeah.
And you're gonna require a lot more money to get put in.
And in the stock market is five days a week from nine to five.
So your odds of trading your hours of trading are a lot less.
Yeah.
In the forex market, twenty four five, in the stock market, nine to five.
A lot of money at the stock market.
The forex market.
Because some people like the idea of trading the stock market
because they read a lot of fundamentals, right?
So the stock market is very influenced by fundamentals, right?
Because the fundamentals are...
So the stock market are companies you're buying into Apple,
you're buying into Tesla.
And there's more physical things in a way.
There's more reports that you can look into.
And it's almost more of like a longer term play.
You can trade it on the day trade as well.
But people like reading the fundamentals.
When it comes to the Forex market, it's a lot more technical.
Because it's just currency markets, right?
So you're just basing it off of patterns in the markets.
The same patterns could happen in the stock market,
but it's much more influenced by fundamentals, right?
So this is just a quick overview.
When you have futures, commodities, all this other stuff,
this is going to be stuff like gold.
You have silver.
You have oil.
And you can also have NAS 100.
So this is basically...
You can also trade futures in the Forex.
You can also trade forex in the forex market, same thing.
And in crypto, obviously, you have your BTC,
you have your ETH, Solana, and never ending amounts of crypto.
If I were to rank these in order, for me,
Forex would be number one.
Crypto would be number two.
Futures would be number three.
And then the stock market would be number four.
So you do more of the forex?
Foreign exchange market, yeah.
And most people would agree to that?
I could argue that.
Most people would agree to that.
Most people could agree with that.
Yeah.
There's a lot more volatility.
There's a lot more options.
There's a lot more patterns as well.
And to me, there's a lot more reliability simply because, yeah, it just simply makes
more sense.
And from my humble experience.
But lately, I've been trading a little bit of futures and I don't really like trading
crypto.
But yeah, this is just...
I want to give you like an over idea of all the different types of markets that there
is.
Now we'll get into a bit more of the technicals now.
Okay.
Do you have any questions on this so far?
Any concerns?
We're ready to hit big.
We're ready to hit big.
We're ready to hit big.
We're ready to hit big.
We're ready to hit big.
So basically you're just betting on what's going to be up.
It's pretty much just like sports betting.
But the game doesn't end.
The game doesn't end.
And there's real patterns.
Well, I mean, I guess you can say there's also patterns with sports betting in a way.
Like let's say you see the team line up.
There's no man on the horse of John.
Yeah.
Or like they do their lineup in a specific way.
You see the market.
You see the market.
You see the market.
You see the market.
You see the market.
You see the market.
You see the market.
You see the market.
You see the market.
There's no way in which the market do a line up in a specific way.
You can predict that they're going to do a run or they're going to do a pass.
And you get paid off of them doing good or bad.
Or you lose money off of them doing bad.
The sports team or the trading market?
Trading.
Yeah.
Correct.
Yeah.
I mean you're basically betting.
So where does the money come from?
Like if I'm betting that you're doing better than someone else who's paying.
Yeah.
So the money is coming from the market.
So someone else is losing that money in directly.
Really?
Yeah.
So like someone else is getting liquidated.
So if you're paying that they're doing good.
i'm paying that they're doing bad correct yeah there's always if i win your money goes to me
kind of it's in it's in the air yes but technically yes wow yeah like somebody there's always going to
be someone on the other side so it has nothing to do with the two parties the money is not coming
from them no the money's coming from the people who are trading correct so you're just trading
against other people who are trading correct yeah that's crazy okay but this is something that i
wanted to add how is that legal yeah because that's just like gambling right no no so the
forex market is a 6.7 trillion dollar market not not billion billion is down here 6.7 million
because this is the currencies of the world like this is the economy of the globe you know like
you have the euro the pound the dollar the japanese yen the russian dollar the noggin the
swiss franc like and people just became obsessed with what's going to be up you're basically
betting on the dollars of these current of these countries
so this is the biggest market because it's literally the dollar of a country so this is
much bigger than just the stock market because the stock market is just the u.s this is just a
billion dollar market this is a couple billion dollar market not no comparison to a trillion
dollar market so there's a lot more opportunity and volatility this is the entire world this is
just the u.s the u.s is very small compared to the world's economy do you think forex trading
changes
anything to do with like how the world operates this is how the world operates because of the
foreign exchange if not it would never operate like the whole world moves because of the currency
exchange correct like money being transferred from one country to another the stock market
is just within the u.s right so you think the world needs forex oh yeah without forex the word
will not work really yeah you need to exchange currencies all the time people when people travel
you go to the airport you know you see the the that currency exchange i don't know
those spots yeah when you go there you're exchanging currencies all day that's what makes
the world go around so does this field make the most millionaires i think so mine really yeah
100 so isn't there a fact this should be a fact i mean we can search it out let me see does the
forex market make the most millionaires yes the forex market can make you a millionaire many
successful traders have achieved significant wealth through this expertise and strategies
in currency market for instance ray value is recognized as the richest forex trader with a net worth of $500,000.00
billion and george soros with a net worth of eight billion dollars these yeah these are the richest
traders in the world you know what's funny i knew they were the richest traders in the world but i
didn't know it was because of the forex market oh really i just found this out right now shout out
all right so when it comes to trading any type of market futures market stock market crypto
or anything you're going to need three main things to determine if entering the trade makes sense yeah
trading doesn't matter if you're driving if you're sleeping it doesn't matter you just need these
three foundations to take a trade okay the simplest analogy that i can make this to is if
you're gonna go surf right when you go surf you need three things you need an ocean you need a
surfboard and then most importantly you need the right wave to go surf yeah those are the three
things that you need to serve okay when you go enter a trade you need three things you need the
trend you need an area of interest and you're going to need your entry signal so trading is
similar to surfing if not exactly the same but you're not getting risk of getting eaten by a
shark right so trading is like surfing one is going to be trend which is going to be the ocean
current two is going to be area of interest which is going to be the beach and then three
is going to be entry signal
which is going to be the actual wave to enter or to surf right yeah this first one is the trend
which is how is the market moving yeah is the market moving up or is the market moving down
based off of the trend you're able to understand if you want to buy or sell
okay a lot of people when they just look at the market they just say it's going to go up
or it's going to go down but they can't really tell you why so there's a way of identifying
the trend and that's going to be based off of market structure the market structure is literally
the heart of the market without the market structure the mark the trend currency like
it doesn't nothing exist yeah so this right here where you're seeing these triangles up or down
these arrows up or down that is market structure picture that as if there were to be the trail of
the chart going to shrimp market heading upward so you could see this is me saying now somebody
is walking in the snow you know when somebody walks in the snow they leave these little
footsteps yeah this is the footsteps of the market when it's going up or when it's going
down but instead of being called footsteps it's called market structure okay so picture the trend
the market structure as the waves currents either going east or going west for example right so
it says things like this
talking about the market steak 5 times each day
to this side of the coast or you're surfing to this side yeah but you have to follow wherever
the ocean's going or the current's going right yeah area of interest is going to be literally
what it's called area of interest which is a zone where it's going to make the most sense to enter
the trade because just because you see a market going up or a market going down doesn't mean you
just jump into the market you need to wait for it to get to a specific zone yeah right so that
specific zone is where you're going to enter the trade so let's say the market is trending upwards
and yes even though the market might be at a high point you need to wait for it to come
back to this area of interest yeah for then here to you take the trade
so this area of interest is the most common mistake traders make when it comes to patience
they don't wait for the market to get back to this area when it comes to the ocean it's the beach
because a lot of traders a lot of surfers when they go to the beach
they think that just where you park your car is where you can surf the wave
no you have to walk down a beach a little bit maybe walk a little bit more west a little bit
more east or even surf a little bit out so you catch the right area where the waves are being
formed okay you can't just surf off of the beach you can't just surf wherever you want it's wherever
the waves are being formed so you you make sure that you're at the right spots correct at the
at the right area on the beach so this is probably the sand where this is my version of a palm tree
so if these are the waves you need to make sure if you're right here you need to make sure that you
go to where the waves are yeah can't just serve from wherever you want and then lastly most
importantly is the entry signal it's the reason why you enter entry signals can consist of many
different types of things they can consist of doji rejections and engulfing rejection so this
is a candle going up or down this will make sense once i actually show you the technicals of it but
it's a different approach and it's a different approach and when you're after the wave it's
actually the same thing as when you're after the wave it's the same thing when it comes to the
surfing you know you can be on the surfboard but you need to make sure that you actually see the
wave incoming from far and that it makes sense for you to paddle to this wave and kick yourself
onto the wave yeah so that wave being formed or a crevice being formed from far is what's going to
tell you to get onto that wave or that it's ready to go the market gives you a crevice from far and
yeah put them up for it okay any questions on this right now not right now all right now okay
perfect so keep in mind trend area of interest and interesting now we're going to dissect every
single one of these details where it's going to be easier than ever just kind of went over the
top right now to give you a visual but this is everything you need to learn to be able to
properly enter a trade and understand if it makes sense to take the trade or not so back to the
trading right so we got here trading so the first thing is going to be the trend right yeah so we
under trend we understand that the trend is also equal to market structure which is also equal to
the heart this is the pulse of the market yeah the market will create a pulse to the upside
the market will create a pulse to the downside yeah now in an actual heartbeat it's called
a pulse right yeah if you look at a spelled pulse wrong
pose
if you look at a pulse of a heart you know you see like that
that's the pulse of your heart right it'll be something like this it'll be like this
you have a spike that's the pulse of the heart yeah the market structure reflects a
pulse in the same way but it's not called a pulse it's called h h h l l h l l
probably wondering what the hell is that yeah very easy right this is not complicated it's
very simple h h is equal to higher high h l is equal to a higher low l h is equal to a lower high
and then l l is equal to a lower low right yeah higher high higher low lower low and lower high
now these at no point do they ever go together yeah not all of them these are this is the
brother this is the sister these always go together these always go together these go
together when the market is bullish bullish equals buys yeah this is when the market is
bearish when the market is bearish it equals sells you can only buy when the market is bearish
you can only have so these actually get split right down the middle yeah so a bullish market
consists of higher highs and higher lows a bearish market consists of lower highs and lower lows okay
you can never have these combined right it's just this is this a boy's a boy a girl's a girl
simple so a bullish market which would be this right here when the market is going up
is consisted of what is this higher higher high and higher low so when something is a higher high
is that it's the highest high so this right here would be a higher high yeah because that's the
highest point so what is a higher low what's the last highest low now if i were just to follow back
on this market right here higher high is what you get paid off higher high is just where you're
betting that they're going to be higher high higher high is what you're betting that they're
going to be correct yes but like right now what we want to do is just understand what's the pulse
of the market what's the market structure is the market up or is the market down yeah and you
cannot identify all right i'm going to write this here you cannot identify if the market is up or
down without market structure that's market structure correct so basically the higher high
is just showing that it's already high but it wouldn't even it wouldn't even
be higher than its high high yes yes okay and it tells you where it is it tells you it's at the
highest point it's at the lowest point it's in the middle this tells you where the market is right
that's the graph that you see correct so if i see the graph like that and then it goes up this is a
higher low that would be a higher that would be a higher high because really because if it's like
this and then it goes down but it's like that but it was up here yeah and it's a higher low it depends
on how it breaks it and it's all going to make sense right okay okay that's a great question
by the way it's good that you're asking
that right now right so the highest the higher high it's obviously the highest point now the
higher low is the next spot which would be this point right here that right there would be a
higher low all you have to do is follow backwards the last from the higher high you simply follow
it back and it's going to tell you where the higher low is okay so for right now we're going
to make this the higher low so we're going to do it right here right in a much bigger scale
just so it's much cleaner so this right here is the higher high this right here is the higher low
so the higher high is just the highest point as of right now yeah it is so this market is bullish
because of this higher high and higher low the moment we break below this higher low
this market is no longer bullish so that was your question on the bearish example and it'll
make sense right now right so if this market for whatever reason does something like this
it's no longer bullish because it has broken below the higher low making
is making making it it's a correct bullish means it's up bullish means it's up so as long as we are
in between this higher low and this higher high we're bullish so this market can have a retracement
to here oh yeah it's still up yeah right now we're still bullish because we're still in between
the higher high and the higher low we're still winning yeah if this market does this cool we
just broke the last higher high we have a new higher high correct so this is the new higher high
and then the new higher low gets moved
to the next higher low alex i'm ready no hold on
so this right now would turn into the new higher low right so that's the new higher low at this
point right here once again this market does something like this it breaks above this point
right here this is the higher high this is the higher low and as long as we remain inside of
this move right here we will be bullish right so as long as we are inside of
this higher high and higher low we are bullish so if this market does something like this
you can yeah that is bullish correct but you cannot count so right now let's say we open up price and
we see this right so let's say we see a naked a naked price on the market right now right we open
up trading view which is where we analyze the charts man i should have been doing this instead
of college no wait i was in college six years ago they didn't teach me none of this wait would
you study in college i studied everything i just switched my major every every semester oh nice you
in classes left and right i should have been in school alex come on bro i should have been right
here instead of them six years at ucf and all corn state come on man do you even use anything
that you learned nothing well no i learned nothing yeah i was just there just trying to
make it to class on time yeah it was none of this no no bro i didn't learn this in college either
i dropped out and after like three months i didn't really make it at all i think now people know like
because when back in my day i'm 30. back then if you didn't
go to college oh jared didn't go to college bro he's tripping like he's a failure now it's like
if you're in college at this age 18 19 so you're getting scammed yeah because people know they're
catching on yeah like it's more like the multi-multi-millionaires alex ramos they're
saying school college is scam well yeah because like back then when you were in college there
wasn't no social media people weren't posting on social media so we weren't woke we just knew we
had to go to school if we didn't go to school even if we didn't know what we were doing we needed to
go to school but that doesn't mean we're not doing anything that we really were not all right but
you need to google social media someone knows something you can look up every cool is all
social media if you don't stop thinking that social media lite uh who knows what social is
're allTiming it it's kinda glue guys go find me on instagram
i'm just gonna let him know he's in the chat for 20 seconds
Kommentators from social media these are the dopest millionaires
people want to know about their f- einen
thanks
자
higher high behind the higher low that makes no sense this is not a higher low because it's still
bullish correct yeah this right until it goes down there yeah correct this right here would be
the higher low this right here would be higher higher high correct now if we delete all this
right here and let's say this market once again let's say it does this this market is still
bullish because we are inside of the higher low and we're inside of the higher high right the
moment this market breaks below the higher low we are no longer bullish yeah this market has
what's called shift of structure sos so it's sos one because it's called shift the structure but
this is really really like this is literally a red flag right because you need to understand that
this is now changing which is very important because it can turn something from buying to
selling within a second so sos is a very big deal because you know red flag siren
going everywhere you no longer are looking for buys now you're looking for wait wait run that back
sos is what now sos is shift of structure so shift that's when it goes down it's under bullish of
structure yes that's when the structure changes so this is this right here is the structure yeah
this right here is the post is sos yeah sos because it's a shift of structure the market
just changed from bullish to bearish okay even if it's down it goes up it's still sos correct and
i'm gonna i'm gonna
explain that now right right now why right so shift the structure is very important because
the mark it's literally giving you the sos that this market is no longer doing what it was supposed
to so right now we know that's bullish this is the higher low which is very important once this
market breaks that higher low we're now bearish because this market has now just created a lower
low which is over here when the market is bearish it creates a lower low bullish is still no bullish
would be it's still it's
not breaking it's still up yeah bullish would be if it breaks back above this right here and i'll
explain it right now right so this is where things get a little tricky but as soon as you understand
this literally you understand everything if you get this because this is the pulse of the market
i would put i'd say 80 focus of learning how to trade on this you can get everything else on trend
on the trend right so right now the trend is pretty much what everybody sees those correct
correct yeah if you know what that means and you get the
you got everything yeah so that's the higher low that's the higher high we got that yeah whenever
we break below the higher low bearish we're bearish and now when this market goes bearish
right so we'll just mark it off like this this now becomes the lower low and this now becomes
the lower high so lower high but if we break below the the the higher low the lower high
yeah if we break above the lower high we're back to bullish
okay yeah correct right so let's run this back right here right so this market is now bearish
this is that higher high though was the higher high when the market shifted this structure point
right here now it's the lower yeah now the market's bearish and when the market is bearish
it man turns into the lower high correct so as long as we are in between if it was bullish if
it would have stopped right here this still would have been higher correct okay yes so yes correct
yes you got it you're actually getting it pretty easy i did not expect that i'm not gonna lie
i'm not gonna lie right so this market right here is now bearish this is the lower low this is the
lower high we could do in here all this fedazzo whatever you want we're still bearish because we
have a lower low lower high let's say the market right here breaks below we are continuation
are bearish so this now becomes all right i'm gonna do this like this this market does this
like this market messed up
yeah but you can make money off the sales too yeah yeah so right now you just got a guess right
you make a very highly educated guess yes yeah so this right here would become our lower low and
then our lower high would just follow price back whenever we see that pulse that market structure
that now becomes our lower high so this market is bearish as long as we remain inside of here
same exact thing we break below again
bearish
new lower low
猪
and then new lower high
lower高
and then new lower high
so this goes to both of these right here whenever you break
example let's say over here
so for example let's say over here
hi
it's a sauce
right
the best information you have in your charts the better
тво
is the lower high if this market does this what happens we're sos yes yo i didn't i did not think
you were gonna say i'm not even kidding bro yes we are yo for real i did not expect that i'm not
even capping right now yes we are sos yeah big problem we have a shift of structure what happens
when you have a shift of structure because we were bearish so when it shifts the structure what
happens oh we're bullish yes yo this is crazy yo i'm not i'm not even like capping we're locked
in brother i am i'm not even kidding dude you'd be surprised how many people would get that wrong
yo damn bro i'm not even like hyping you up right now no i didn't think i was gonna get it at first
i'm like damn i don't know all these charts and stuff like that i'm sure there's a lot more stuff
i need to learn to be able to trade yeah no but dude you got i'm just getting the concept brother
you you're you're
you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're
getting it faster than i got it bro like it took for me to understand what you're understanding
right now but you didn't have you as a coach no i just had bro a bunch of random youtube videos
sometimes it's better to learn the hard way correct yeah because you feel the pain and now
you can like feel how good it is to be up no i agree now that we have this sos we're back to
bullish so this is now the higher high this is now the higher low right yeah easy higher low easy
higher high once again this market can simply just have this retracement here we're still bullish
yeah right we can do something like this we're still bullish we can do something like this we're
still bullish because we are yet to break above or below the higher low and the higher high okay
so if we go down we're bearish but if we go up we're still bullish for this sos no it's no sos
is when it goes from a boy to a girl or a girl to a boy okay okay okay so we're still just bullish
it's just a higher high correct okay
bro bro oh you're teaching me good bro hold on all right so yeah so if this decides to do this
it's not a structure just it's a continuation of this yeah so this turns into the new higher high
this right here turns into the new higher low oh yeah easy 100 that right there is trend that is
how you identify something's bullish or bearish that all right so we're gonna put it to the test
real quick all right i'm gonna pop up a clean chart and i want you to identify for me
you
if this market is bullish or if this market is bearish right yeah you can get some horizontal
to do both all right is this market bullish or is this market bearish oh that's where it gets real
all right is it bullish or bearish remember what we spoke about i remember i should have i should
have i should have explained something before but it's okay i'll wait you get it's good if you make
a mistake i'll say bullish i mean i'm bearish okay why where's the lower high where's the
high high
and it broke down okay show me go ahead mark it off so it's the higher high right here remember
uh bearish or bullish uh you said bearish there okay okay remember bearish lower high lower low
so it can't be a higher high if it's bearish it's a lower high oh higher high so would you say
it's bullish or it's bearish okay go ahead draw the horizontal lines the most important thing
and i remember look this is a perfect bullish example
the higher high with the line across are you rethinking so more so right here yes
yes okay okay okay so it's not bearish yeah it's a bullish this market would be bullish okay
correct only thing that was throwing me was because it went it broke this line right here
right there so i was thinking it was bearish it was bearish but then it came back up and it
went back to over yeah so like it would have a line like this and sure so that that would be
the lower high it broke above so yes so this was the higher high at one point and when it broke up
under this it became bearish yes and then that became the lower high that became the lower high
and then oh and then it broke against the lower high so now it's bullish now it's bullish again
yes so this market was bullish for this move right here it was bearish for this move right here and
then it went back to bullish with that move right there yes now let's say it stopped right here it's
still not bullish no that's that's not higher than that right it is it is higher
all right
Oh, no, you're MSL.
Yes.
It would still be bearish.
Yes.
Okay.
Or there.
Yo, I don't think you understand, bro.
Or there.
Or there.
Yo, I don't think you understand, dude.
I'm genuine.
I thought I was lost, and I was like, okay, now I got this.
Yeah.
So we got to do that one more time.
I mean, brother, you literally asked all the right questions.
You said everything correct.
So, yes, if this is bullish, right there, it shifts to bearish.
Bearish.
So this could do this.
As long as it doesn't break above that.
Still bearish.
Still bearish.
And for the example that I said, it didn't break it.
Now we're bullish.
So now it's back to bullish.
Yeah.
Brother.
Oh, we're locked in.
No, no, no, no.
You fucked it up.
Like, I'm not even kidding.
All right.
So to your first original question, and I really want to double down on trend because,
again, everything that we do from this point forward is being dictated because of the trend.
So, for example, like-
Bro, this puts it in perspective, though, because it's like, I've never traded ever.
So if this is my first time watching this video just because, oh, I want to watch Ash
Hall or whatever, he can learn a lot of freaks.
Correct.
Yeah.
Correct.
Yeah.
That's crazy.
I like this.
I like this model.
Yeah, yeah.
It's cool.
Because, like, I need you to understand the power of, like, this right here, the trend.
Like, this is what 99% of surfers, when they go to the beach to go surf, they need to determine
where are the waves going.
Are the waves going this way or are the waves going this way?
Yeah.
If you know-
To catch the wave the right way.
Correct.
You need to know the motion.
If you know the waves are going that way, brother, you just go that way and you find
the perfect wave to get and that's it, you know?
Yeah.
That is where the-
That's where the main focus should be on.
The main focus should be to understand where the trend is going.
So, how do you guess the market?
Well, this is the first thing, is understanding where the movement is going and then you just
have to find that sweet spot to enter, which is going to be the next spot, which is the
area of interest.
Okay.
Yeah.
So, I just want to quiz you one more on the first example that you originally set, which
was if the market is going down and it does this, is this market bullish or is it bearish?
Bearish.
Wrong.
Really?
Wrong.
I'm glad you're wrong.
But it didn't go over this though.
No, but remember-
If it's going down.
Yeah.
Okay.
But this was the lower high, this was the lower low.
Yeah.
It broke below that one.
This becomes the new lower low, the new lower high.
Price broke below this one, the new lower low, new lower high.
Is that because it's consistently going down at the same rate?
Yeah.
So, new lower highs and lower lows are being made.
So, this is a new lower high.
Correct.
And it broke that.
So, that's why it's bullish.
Correct.
That makes sense.
Bro, you see?
Wow.
That was-
Like, literally, what I just did right there, this example right here of this doing this
is no different of this example of me doing this.
That, you claimed it to be bearish because that was the higher low, that was the higher
high.
It broke below.
This is the same thing.
This is the lower high, this is the lower low.
And it finally cracked that.
Literally, if we just flip this whiteboard around, it would show the same thing.
That makes sense.
Right?
Yeah.
Okay.
Perfect.
That was-
Honestly, I'm more excited about this than-
I don't even-
I haven't seen any other videos or-
I haven't even looked into trading ever.
Okay.
I always said I'm not going to dabble into that.
Always.
I don't know how good I'm doing, but-
You're doing amazing.
So, does this make you feel better just to understand the direction of the market?
A hundred percent.
Okay.
Perfect.
So, when it comes to the trend, you're going to see-
And this is just to wrap up the trend part.
You're going to see-
You're not going to see price clean like this.
You're going to see a lot of price.
You're going to see this.
Yeah.
You're going to see so much price action that you're going to get confused.
It makes it harder to read.
Correct.
Like, even myself, I would see this and I'd-
Well, I used to.
I would be overwhelmed, right?
Yeah.
Because there's just so much going on.
And this is where traders get confused.
They're like, okay, yeah, over here it was here, and then here it was here, and here
it was here.
And yes, all those points are relevant.
They're obviously valid.
But price right now is over here.
Over here.
So, none of that really matters.
To a certain extent.
I mean, to read it.
Yes.
To see-
To see where the next move is, that matters.
Yes.
But to see where the bearish or bullish is.
Yes.
Correct.
So, whenever you want to analyze the market, you want to focus more or less on this area
over here, right?
You don't need to look super far back when it comes to this, right?
So, beautiful.
I mean, that right there is the trend.
So, this is going to be the first thing.
So, the key takeaways from trend are going to be, it is the market structure of the market.
It's the pulse.
The pulse.
It's reflected by higher highs and higher lows, lower highs and lower lows.
Whenever the market goes from bullish to then bearish, that is called a shift of structure.
Yeah.
Big red flag.
The market is, you know, screaming, letting you know.
We are no longer looking to buy.
So, now you should go look for sales because we've had a shift of structure.
And you cannot identify if the market is up or down without market structure.
Wow.
You need to identify the higher high and higher low, lower high or lower low, to properly identify if the market is bullish or bearish.
Oh, no.
Perfect.
Any questions?
Any concerns?
Perfect.
So, second thing is going to be AOI.
Area of interest is also known as support and resistance.
Support and resistance.
Support and resistance.
Support and resistance.
Support and resistance.
Support and resistance.
Support and resistance.
Support and resistance.
Supply and demand zone and order blocks.
This is all the same thing.
A supply and demand zone is an area where you're looking for supply and an area of demand zone is where you're looking for demand.
Support and resistance, supply and demand, order blocks, it's all the same thing.
This, an order block, is a block which is an area of interest.
Supply and demand is an area where there's supply and demand.
A support and resistance is an area where it's support and resistance.
Support and resistance is an area where there's supply and demand.
of interest is an area of interest it's all the same thing and i want to explain this to you
because the trading industry lately has had an abundance of people getting creative with
different ways on how to educate this and they just over complicated it because at the end of
the day they all have the same function an area of interest is an area of support or an area of
resistance it's where the market if it's below it's going to reject and whenever the market is
above it's simply going to reject so whenever the market approaches an area and it goes the opposite
way there's clearly something there that's pushing it down so like let's say right now we had a
ceiling over our head and we're trying to stand up we can't because there's a ceiling over our head
that's a resistance and let's say we want to stand up we're going to push off of this table this is
our support we're going to push ourselves up so the support is what pushes price up
the resistance is what pushes
price down that's support and resistance right so resistance holds price down support holds
price up now you can also have resistance be used as support and then push price up so for example
let's say we would be below this table right now if we want to get up we would hit our head we
can't get up but if we were to get the table below us we wouldn't use ourselves to get up
so you can use this resistance as support to push ourselves up
so resistance could be turned into support and then if something is a support it could then be
used as resistance to go to the downside that an area that is used as resistance and support
is what's called an a o i an area of interest it's an area where you are interested to either
sell if you're below or buy if you're above
sell if you're below buy if you're above
this is very simple and finding it well any questions with this so far
no very simple right roof floor that's how you think about it if you are below that is
going to be the roof which is equal to resistance and then if you're going to buy it's going to be
the floor it's going to be support and item or if it's buy if it's down which is equity resistance so October almost all the time you are going to get that cutting in to this difference because
if you are 31 if you are 73 if tw Weight in the bank whether that puts up all this next quarter there is a contrast. I'm coming out of this and a 3-1.
So it's going to be holding you up, right? And then both of these work together
Which is what makes up an area of interest
Both of these combined are an area of interest. Yeah, right. So the problem with
99% of traders is that they don't know how to identify
properly an area of interest and they identify an area of interest very incorrectly and I'm gonna simplify for
People in five seconds, right? So the first things first you understand that the market is
Bullish correct. So this is the higher high. This is the higher low, right?
What if I told you if the market is bullish, you should only be looking for buys
Obviously, right? Yeah, you can't be looking for sales if the markets bullish
You need to place the area of interest
within
this higher high and within
this
higher low
What happens with 99% of traders is they'll see this market that is going to the upside and then what they'll say is
Yeah, for example, yeah, they'll put an area of interest up here or they'll put an area of interest over here, for example
But you know what? I want to buy when price gets here
So what they say is alright, I want to wait for price to come back into this area
Once it comes back into this area, I'm gonna buy. Mm-hmm
But what's the problem with that that that is the higher low and guess what happens in the market?
It gets there
There's a shift of structure. It's bearish. So you can't be buying in a market. That's bearish
So that's the problem with 99% of traders that they simply place the areas of interest
Incorrectly, you need to place the areas of interest
Inside of the higher high and inside of the higher low
So an area of interest is where the market has had three or more touches
so area of interest equals three
or more
touches
What is a touch?
for example
This right here is a touch. You have one touch right here. The market rejected it once
Marketer rejected it two times
Three times that is a valid area of that means area of interest. That's where I kind of stop. Correct
So obviously price right now is not at that area of interest, but that's where they mean majority of the time. Correct
Now that's where you have to wait for the market
To get there for you to take you to trade but for example here if this market, right, we know that that's the higher high
That's the higher low the market makes it to that area of interest
We're now bearish. So we can't sell at a support, right?
So like it's like you jumping into a two-foot pool, you know, you're gonna break your nose, right?
Yeah, you need to be able to have more depth to it. So an area of interest is what just has more than three touches
So if I look over here
I can just place you know, for example purposes, we'll just bring this in a little bit more up like this
You can see that this right here is an area of interest of interest, correct?
It has been used as resistance once twice and three times
So it makes the most amount of sense to wait for price to come back into this area
Now and that's where you would buy. That's your area of interest. So perfect. Analogy is you have when you buy you're buying that
What will you buy?
What do you mean?
you said
buy right here when it gets back into the area of interest but like what i mean you're so at no
point do you actually buy a currency you're just betting that it's going to go up oh you're okay
so you when you buy your betting it's going to go up yeah sometimes you could bet that it's going
down yeah you that's where you would sell correct oh it's when you sell it's the same thing like
well when you say you sell when it's going down when you think it's gonna go down you sell yes
correct buy when you think it's gonna go up correct correct yes yes all that we make more
money selling or buying same thing yeah same thing yeah i i personally make more money when
i'm selling i'm just a better seller i don't know why oh yeah i just ended up when it's about
to go down yeah yeah i can spot easier when it's gonna go down yeah okay so but not everybody is
a better seller some people are better buyers some people are better buyers yeah everybody's
different when it comes to that yeah it's the weirdest shit honestly it's like if you're gonna
go uh surf some people have you ever snowboarded no you ever skateboarded yeah a little bit okay
you know when you go skateboard you either go goofy or the other one yeah it's the same thing
some people are better with their
right foot forward or the left foot forward no ali's when you jump ali or nali oh ali or nali
yeah correct correct correct yeah it's the same thing so this is an area of interest which is
the resistance of price right so this right now if you're below it you're gonna go down
but if price is above it you're gonna have a push-up okay that is literally how you find an
area of interest it's within the higher high and higher low now oh really
yeah that's it it's very easy to find it for example it has to be within the higher higher
higher low yeah for example let's say like this is one because it's right there to even yeah but
that one would be bearish so you would have to wait for price so to get below that area to sell
come back retest it and then sell correct for example right here bullish or bearish
bearish amazing right so you know that's the lower high that's the lower low so this market is bearish
you need to look at the market and you need to look at the market and you need to look at the
market for sales now you would work inside of this right here you'd work inside of this lower
high and inside of this lower high and this lower low to look for that area of interest there's not
one though so here for example if we were to just start like hovering price right here that's not
one because it only has one touch if we go to this one right here first two this one would have
three you have a leak one oh so that's the area of interest yeah okay because you can count if it's
you can you can count touches above or touches below or above because they have to be exactly
even or not really no so that's close yeah that that's why like you never do like an exact
line you do you do like a little zone a box all right kind of box it off right because it'll never
be perfect it'll never be perfect correct and then here you would wait for price to have a
retracement into here and then that's where you would then be looking to sell okay that's it
so you're waiting for it to go up and you're guessing you're pretty much going to guess it's
peak yeah before it drops you guess it's peak yes that's great you guess it's peak and then
here is basically where you wait for then the next step which is the entry signal
that then from that is the area that's going to go down one because so if i if i bet right here
that it's going to drop right here but it continues to go up i lost i thought if i
thought i was going to do that and i was trying to sell right here i'm done you yes i don't lose
money yes okay but if i bet right here that i was going to drop and actually drop
i sold then i would make money yes but if it went out then i would you would lose yes
it just simply makes more sense to take the cell here than here or here because there is
a historic pattern that whenever we're below this area we go down there is not as much
background from here that it goes down so you wait for it right when it hits that same little
peak yes and say oh that's the ceiling yes a resistance the resistance they're not they're
not breaking the resistance correct
correct because why would they well yeah if historically whenever we approach it
but obviously they're bound to break it at some point yeah they're you're not you're betting that
they're not doing it yet correct correct and well the first thing is you have the trend in your
favor so that that is already giving you more odds that this is going to start going down right this
is just having that retracement and then two you have the area of interest that trading is all
about selling and buying this period yeah it's just betting like a trade right yeah you can trade
whatever yeah you're just betting that it's going to go up or down
i mean bro it's already a 50 50. it's head or tails like it's really like well i just put down
like 10 000 or something yeah you can put 10 000 yeah every trade we're just betting 10 000. yeah
i mean i risk like 150 per trade we're gonna start with 10 000. no what i'm saying
i'm not you no no i know but i'm saying you could but don't get too hyped yeah i know it's
just i know no no no no no no no no no there's so much more that goes into it stay home yeah yeah
okay but what matters when it comes to the area of interest for all you got to do is
sell if you're below buy if you're above yeah so right here we're bearish and we're going to be
below it it just makes more sense to sell yeah right right so let's say this market you've seen
somebody inexperienced just hit big yeah bro we have students stay up or they lose it some some
guys lose it yeah because they don't have experience i've had students take a thought
like they spend their first three weeks of learning how to trade they've taken a thousand dollars to
about a hundred thirty thousand dollars the first three weeks yeah they'll withdraw like a hundred
they'll leave like the 20 30 and then they'll blow that because they would just like get too
aggressive and get too confident but yeah when they get broke they become broke again i don't
know if they become broke again but we've had students have made a lot lost a lot you know
so should they what's your advice if i if i'm a student and i make a thousand or have a thousand
but i'm broke though i have a thousand we get up a hundred thousand what do i do what's my next play
but i don't have the experience i just got lucky yeah i got a little bit of you know knowledge from
you but i'm not there to be going to buy a new car or yeah betting 130 like what's my next step
i would withdraw half of that money withdraw 50 leave 50 in the account and then withdraw 50 yeah
yeah yeah withdraw 50 lock in something in your bank you know like they all locked in the bank
yeah lock in some debt pay off some debt whatever leave the 50 in the account boom
and then from that 50k in the account you only risk a small percentage
per trade so you're not overexposing also don't bet the 50. don't benefit you know
no don't play like i'm broke still yeah yeah the risk management is what keeps you alive in
this game because if i don't have the experience i should be using that 50 to get the experience
yeah but if i use that 50 in betting like i have the experience i don't have any money to play with
no more yeah you might lose the whole thing correct so when you get the experience then you
can go in yeah you can go in so what is the rule what percentage of my stuff can i go in if i got
a million dollars what percentage should i play because it's going to be different if i got a
thousand okay 20 yeah you know yeah million yeah i i have a three million dollar account i risk
four to seven percent every trade four to seven percent every trade yeah that's my risk appetite
on my account you feel like you can run out yeah no and i can never run out i would have to lose
30 trades in a row that's practically impossible oh really i i think it's impossible to lose more
than 15 trades in a row if all of the trade if you suck even if you suck yeah i think it's
impossible if let me let me be very clear here if every trade that you take has met the strategy
to perfection if you're following all these steps because like if the market is so as good as you
are right that now you're good that's free like you're top one percent i would say i would say
i'm like top four or five percent yeah okay so the skill that you have is it guaranteed
you're going to be up in five years or could you still just have a bad five years i don't think i
could ever have a bad five years no you can have a bad year when i say baddie i mean you're under
you're like you lost money no i don't think i can have it but you can't lose money at this point you
can't like go 365 and lose money no no you could lose money in 30 days for sure in a year definitely
not no no no it's dead no no that'll never happen so you should carry your life yeah like
i could pretty much have a salary like but yeah like i can definitely be negative for a quarter
like i've had two months losing streaks but a whole year there's no way i don't want to say
it's impossible you know something might happen but there's a very them two months so you like
you need it you're like yo watch out bro i've lost like i think it was it was like 900 grand
in a period of like 60 to 90 days it was brutal you're pissed i mean it was just loss after loss
after loss after loss because you smiled during that time i did yeah i smelled a lot oh really
yeah yeah and it was all like publicly like on social media as well which is but see you
ganged up that's lit what do you mean like you ganged up losing like people are just like oh
did they know you were down almost a minute i mean bro people were losing with me yeah like i was
sharing the trick people make money with me and they also lose with me part of the game losing
is very normal that's why you only risk a small but you knew that you were going to bounce back
and get out of that i yeah i knew you weren't like yo i'm about to be done with this no i mean
bro it's just it's just a pattern you know like if you're flipping a coin had your tails you know
hell's tails can come out ten times but it's a matter of time that heads comes out the game is
you just can't run out and let you play with it correct you can't over leverage yourself that's
what a lot of traders do they just are too aggressive with their risk management it's
about a heavy like if a dude came in here just like with like the hugest ego and just like he
took over your body right calling you whatever new alex she still has skill but now he's just
betting above his means he will he can go bro he can go bro yeah have you ever thought about
this you're asking your stuff i swear god you're asking the best questions ever right because i
want to see if i'm going to play a game i want to see the odds of winning no but like you're you're
right questions because you're asking a longevity question you're not you're not asking how to get
rich you know you're asking how to stay in the game 100 and this is a game of staying in the game
you know like you don't ever win this game this game doesn't end yeah the goal is to stay in as
long as you possibly can yeah and the way you stay in as long as you possibly can is by having
that risk management yeah risk management is what keeps you in the game literally and that's why i
gotta see is it even a game i want to play but it seems like if you're smart you can keep running
it's all about how you control your decisions on when all of this so i have a checklist right
and whenever i go enter a trade i literally check something off yeah if it's there so let's say i
have i have i think it's 18 confluences before i go into a trade yeah right let's say this i have
this i don't have this i don't have this had this i have at that point i can make the decision
the executive decision being like you know what it i'm going to take the trade or like you
know what i don't want to take the trade i'm going to wait until everything is checked out
off that decision making to enter the trade when things are checked off or not is what's going to
give you that longevity okay and how much i risk if i want to risk five percent of my account or if
i'm going to risk fifty percent of my account that will be the longevity of you in this game
the decision making behind how many reasons you need to enter the trade and what you're
going to risk that's it okay we're going to do a test later in the future where we're going
to get a random like probably a homeless person from the street and we're not going
to teach him how to trade at all we're just going to give him this and we're going to give him a risk
management like we're going to be like brother all you can risk is one percent he has to get a
hundred trades wrong in a row to blow his account that would never happen yeah and i guarantee you
that he will make more money than an experienced trader that would be risking 50 50 really he just
has to lose two trades and he's done this person can trade 20 trades and he won't be negative
out of me you gotta kind of like slow grinding yeah yeah it's this is a business yeah imagine
trading as if it were to be like your your physique you know you're not going to get abs
within your first 24 hours of going to the gym yeah it's a process you need to if i get under
400 pounds on day one i'm gonna hurt myself and i'm gonna be out of the game forever correct yeah
scarred for life yeah you need to for like if you're 400 pounds you need to lower your calories
you can't just go and do two hour cardio two hour sauna the next day you're not gonna want
to go to the gym you won't like it you do 15 minutes cardio 15 minutes
sauna you slowly ease into it and then over time you're going to see the difference then you become
a big dog then you can you know go hang with the world correct same thing all right cool that was
a good side track i like that i'm telling you that that's very important that you have that
you're asking the perfect questions right so back to the area of interest right so if a market is
for example right here let's say bullish or bearish uh bearish i mean bullish correct yes
right so this is the higher high this is the higher low you need to look for the area of interest
inside of this higher high and higher low the market over here could have done anything that
it has wanted like this you don't care about up here you don't care about below here you don't
care below the higher low you don't care above the higher high so right here you would start
looking left right so the market's going to start retracing back oh you got right there yeah so the
market's going to start coming back so you put three in there on purpose like you know how to
re-enter like three touches yeah i mean yeah i'm just doing it for the example yeah okay so let's
say like this didn't exist right the area of interest could it be this because it's kind of
going down or no no the area of interest always has to be horizontal it has to be a horizontal
line or horizontal that's too low yeah all right so there would be no area of interest if that
wasn't there um one two it wouldn't be all right well technically if this wasn't here
this market would be bearish so we'd have to be looking for an area of interest to sell
mm-hmm because lower this is the lower high this is the lower low this right here that does not
have three touches this does not have three touches yeah it would be nice there's no area
of interest correct if there's no three touches there's no area of interest okay right perfect
so if there's no area of interest you just don't don't do that you just don't take the
turn really that's just some people still take the trade that's the problem as well yeah but that
they just go over it exactly that's what i'm saying like people would live that would be me
yeah yeah i'll be like brother listen
we got to do something yeah that's what i'm saying like people will have the trend so like for
example they'll be able to identify that the market's bearish but they won't have an area
of interest slow motion there's no motion yeah i mean yeah but like they won't have risky yeah
they won't have an area of interest and you're like you know what f it we're still going to send
it and it's like well now you're just taking a higher risk yeah i do it all the time but but the
beauty of it is that i know what i am entering like i'm fully aware of it yeah i'm aware of it
and like i'm ready for the risk and like i'm i'm going to do it i'm going to do it i'm going to do it
i'm going to go out to the ocean i see a wave and i see a fin might be a shark it might be a dolphin
but you know what my experience sometimes that game is better to play anyways yeah
the day is sunny there's beautiful waves the current everything's good is it worth the risk
or not it depends what you're asking yeah and then you get better when you get the area of
interest because that's cake to you now correct because they're taking the big waves correct
correct all right perfect so let's set uh one more example here when it comes to the area of interest
so i thought it was going to press a couple of buttons there's so much more you need to learn
before that it's different yeah yeah yeah yeah like you need to know why you're pressing the
button yeah right so this market's bullish higher high higher low now this market we're anticipating
that it's going to have a retracement to buy is that an area of interest yes or no no perfect
is that an area of interest yes yes one two three is this an area of interest no oh yes one two three
oh you're just not because below that yes i'm fire perfect that was a true question so
technically that is an area of interest but just not for this specific trade we're interested in
right now right so we would be waiting for this market to have a retracement into this area of
interest right here let me put this waiting for this market to have a retracement into this area
of interest where it's rejected once twice three times now can the market have a reaction from here
and have a push up of course can the market break below this area of interest and then have a
push up of course but that is just simply not our trade okay we just simply didn't meet our strategy
we move on to the next trade right so once the trade makes it to this area of interest what do
you do you bet you need to have the next point entry signal the most important thing it's going
to tell you that the trade is ready to enter so let's summarize before we get into entry signal
so right when we hit right here it's time to bet but we need to have our entry signal we need to
have the indication that it's ready to enter just because it's there doesn't mean that you could
enter it right away okay perfect example is you have a but that wait if this is our area of
interest we're betting that it's going down right no no because we're bullish once it gets there
we're going to bet that it's going to go up so bullish okay so we got the area of interest and
we're bullish we're going up correct always always
if we're bearish we're going down and when an area of interest we're going down yes because
we're up right now yeah correct so to summarize area of interest is something that is consisted
of three touches if you are below the resistance this is considered the ceiling that is the roof
if you are above it is considered the support for example let's set this example right here
that is the support it's going to be the floor these combined
resistance and support
combined is the area of interest now three or more touches is what validates it whether you have
resistance as the three taps whether you have support as the three taps or whether it's a hybrid
where you have one resistance one support and one resistance as long as this zone has three taps
perfect all right so this is area of interest now when a trade is bullish we need to wait for price
to come to that area of interest
place is at that area of interest then we move on to potentially entering the trade so next point
and technically the final point is going to be entry signal so entry signal is i'm going to
set another example it's almost have you ever played baseball yeah you play base all right okay
so you know when you have the batter all right don't mind my stick figure you know the pitcher
that is going to be pitching you the ball from this area over the next dot
over here this ball that he's going to be pitching at you it needs to land for you to swing at it
within that box yeah you know if the ball doesn't land within that box it's a foul ball if it lands
up here or over here right your job as a baseball player with the bat is to hit this ball in this
zone for you to either get a home run or for you to actually hit it yeah now many times these
baseball pitchers make it seem tricky and right before it's the box it drops off or it might get
out of the box and that's where you see these baseball players swing in the midst right your
job as a baseball pitcher i mean as a as a batter is to hit the perfect ball yeah imagine that you
are in a game of baseball and your only job is to bat and swing at the perfect ball the pitcher is
just going to be throwing balls every single second of the day
your ball is your job is just to wait for the right one you cannot humanly possibly swing at
every single ball that is going to come you're going to strike out you're going to get tired
and you're just not going to be in the game long enough facts need to wait for that perfect pitch
and that perfect pitch is when you're inside of that box there might be many times where you're
looking at that ball and it might seem like it's going to go into the box and if for whatever
reason you don't have the perfect indication to enter it or to swing at it you don't have to
yeah you're not obligated to swing at it yeah you're good balls it's okay it's it's totally
fine right you're not going to get striked out nothing's going to happen that's the exact same
thing when it comes to trading and the entry signal so whenever the market is trending right
let's just pretend like this is an area of interest and price comes back into this area
of interest so now we're here going to be looking for our entry signal many traders look to have any
reason to enter the trade and that's completely wrong you shouldn't just enter the trade for any
reason just because the trade is at the area of interest you should not enter just because the
ball that the pitcher is pitching at you you don't have to swing at it just because it's right
dead in the center can you sure but you want to make sure that it is perfect that the lights
align that the wind aligns everything is good you don't have to swing at it now this entry signal
needs to be perfect every single time
for you to take the trade it's okay to miss a trade can you sometimes be too picky or
it wait for too many confirmation and you miss it sure so if you're trading you need to trade
every day as long as the market is open yeah yeah you need to wait for the perfect entry for
the perfect trade correct can you miss a day yeah you can miss a day there's no problem you
can miss a day playing baseball this is gonna happen oh really you might miss a week you might
miss opportunities but the opportunities are the pitch is always going to be there pitching the ball
it's a machine you trade every day i'm looking at the markets every day for a trade but you might
really i might take two trades a week max really yeah oh not everybody trades every day no there's
some traders that take four or five trades a day where you're basically being more exposed to losing
the more you trade the more odds you have of losing the more swings that you take the more
odds you have of missing and striking out i try don't you get better though no really it's about
quality not quantity oh really yeah it's about waiting for that perfect ball you don't need to
switch you don't need to swing at every pitch bro at the point that i am right now i'm not going to
in my journey i think you would put content different though content is like more it's a
little bit of both yeah no content it's a volume game it's volume because you're competing against
so you're going to get better and then one of them might hit yes correct this is next so it's
not in trading it's different yeah because like the problem with content is that you're in control
you know like whatever you put out there's what you're going to get yeah you don't control the
market at all right yeah you can't control this don't bring that to this market dude now bring
that you will be in trouble you could you could you know get experienced by
trading a lot more and you know swinging at every pitch but you're going to get tired i can almost
guarantee you like you you will cap out right so once a trade is at an area of interest you want
to wait for an entry signal so the first thing that you can have is going to be a rejection
candle or you can have a engulfing candle yeah have you ever heard of these before nope okay
so a reject what's a rejection she said no correct a
rejection is when something gets rejected yeah when something is engulfing what's an engulfing
they're ready that's when something engulfs something yeah like right now like you are
engulfing me in size like look at the camera like just like i go like you see like you are bigger
than i am close bro no we're not much of a difference though but like but like you are far
bigger than i am right like you are engulfing yeah right so rejecting is when something is
literally rejecting it engulfing is when something is eating something yeah so you're going to look
at the market so you see these boxes that go up and down in the markets right these are the
candlesticks these are just how the market is reflecting price it's very similar so basically
you would have a market that is like this but instead of it being a line chart it's going to
be in a candlestick chart so it's the exact same market it's just being reflected in these candlesticks
like this right so this market right here is literally the same market as this one right here
it's just being reflected in these candlesticks right so if you're looking at a box and you're
right these things up and down so when you have one of these candlesticks for example let's say
this is the area of interest this is the box so we're basically zooming in at this right here
right now in candlesticks if the next candlestick has a big wick so this wick is a rejection that's
basically the trail of price and you have like a cross something like this a big cross that is
a rejection that is the market letting you know that we are rejecting this market or you can have
what is called an engulfing market right so this right here once again we're at this area of
interest price is now officially here we're basically zooming in here and the next candle
would be an engulfing candlestick so it's clearly showing that this candle is bigger than these two
it can be bigger than one two three the more the better so this is a sign of rejection
because clearly
Clearly we've pushed a very strong from here or this is another very strong sign because
price went below it, but closed above it.
So it's showing that it's not liking this area anymore.
So this right here is a rejection candle and then this right here is an engulfing candle.
So once price makes it into this area and we either have a cross or a bullish candle,
we're basically ready now to enter the trade.
That is our entry signal.
So our entry signal could be to take it now or you say, you know what?
I'm not feeling it or you know what I want for it to retest it again, or I want it to
have another engulfing candlestick.
At that point you can get as picky as you want, right?
You can ask for as many things, but this is officially the green light for you to take
this trade.
This is officially the pitcher has pitched you a straight ball into your box.
You're standing right here.
You've been waiting all day with your bat.
It's perfectly dead in the center.
This speed is not too fast.
It's not a hundred mile per hour ball.
It's a 60 mile per hour ball.
It's a straight ball.
It's ready to swing.
You can make the decision to swing or not.
At that point it is entirely up to you and your experience.
That is entry signal.
It's very simple.
It's just consisted of a rejection candlestick or an engulfing candlestick.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
It might make more sense now when we go to the actual charts.
Once you get one of these, you're ready to swing.
Correct.
You're basically ready to swing into the market.
You don't have to, but.
Yeah.
Correct.
Okay.
So I'm going to set an example, right?
So for example, this market right here, right?
Let's just do it like this.
Bullish or bearish?
Bullish.
Correct.
Now, is that trade ready to enter?
Yes or no?
Yes.
Where's your entry signal?
What candlestick is that?
What candlestick is that?
We're looking for A.
Reduce.
Reduce?
Tetris or T livro?
And what's the rejection one?
It's the rejection.
This is a rejection candle.
That's across.
That right there is not across.
It's not a rejection candle.
Okay.
Okay.
So you're talking about how it looks.
Yes.
Yes.
So if you were to put it across, okay.
Yeah.
I was saying rejection because it's going down.
No, but it's off the look, right.
Correct.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's off the look.
So it'll show you.
You don't have to.
No, you don't have the second guess.
It'll literally tell you whether it's a rejection candle or whether it's an engulfing candle.
now you don't have an engulfing yeah no this is not an engulfing this is basically here the
engulfing would be this candle right here that i'm making it bigger yeah it's where it eats the
last candle okay so why would it do that because that is showing that its price is rejecting the
area of interest since we're above it okay because whenever whenever we're below it we're rejecting
it down whenever we're above it we're rejecting it to the upside okay so that right there would
be a rejection candle to the upside that is our entry signal okay another example would be if
price basically is at this area of interest right the area of interest and then we have a cross
that is another rejection candle that is our ready to enter this trade to the upside
but being that we didn't have either one of those we're not ready correct when i asked you it was
like this we had and we had we did not have neither of those so we were not ready to take
this trade i was thinking you were
ready because we have a common area yeah the area of interest yeah that is where you would need to
wait for one of these okay for you to enter the trade okay so it doesn't matter about the area
of interest you need to see rejection or engulfing correct okay that's perfect you need
to wait for either or to happen okay it could be like four or five different spots area of interest
correct okay correct still wait yeah you still have to wait okay perfect and the the charts will
show you rejection and engulfing all the time it'll literally give you one
of these two it's gonna tell you well it'll show you many other ones but you only look for these
two right here your rejection or an engulf let's go to the charts and let's see how good you learned
all right so i'm going to show you an example now on the actual chart so i was showing you this
earlier was on the line chart which is something like this right so we don't really trade on the
line chart the line chart is used to identify market structure something is bullish or if
something is bearish right but we actually trade on the candlestick chart which are
these lines that go up or down right so just to show you an example of what that rejection candle
looks like this would be it right there see that cross that happened there perfectly the one next
to it actually would be a perfect example of an engulfing candlestick this right over here would
be an example of a engulfing candlestick as well this right here would be an example of that cross
of that rejection this over here would be that example of a engulfing let me grab this right here
cross correct yes yes correct engulfing correct so this would be a cross massive engulfing wait
where's the cross so i guess you can consider one of these two right here across wow because it's a
it's a i mean the body is a bit big it would be better if it was like this one right here where
it would have no body so it was it's just like a little cross the candlestick isn't ready i'm going
to see a cross right here correct yeah it's not it's not it's not the cleanest cross yeah this
one you're betting on now yeah yeah correct exactly so like if it's not clean you don't
have to take it that's a cross very clear cross this is an engulfing candlestick to the downside
this is not an engulfing oh you're saying this blue one is a cross kind of it's not it's just
not like there correct correct it's it's not the body isn't thin correct this right here is a very
clear one you can tell there's literally nothing there it's just a cross and you know we can go on
for literally ages just finding these this is not the cleanest cross but some somehow there
so it's never always going to
be perfect you just want to have it as perfect as you possibly can ask for right so this is how
we look at the markets when it comes to actual market structure it's going to be based off of
just these candlestick moves right so let me ask you is this market bullish or is this market
bearish uh it's bullish bullish okay where's the higher high is the higher high at point number
one or at point number two
one
correct so this would be the higher high we're gonna write down here higher high
all right now where's the higher low is the higher low at point number one
or at point number two two all right perfect on the money yes so this market is indeed
bullish so this is the higher high and this is the higher low right so we're going to put here
so we know that this market is bullish and we know that we're going to only look for
the area of interest within this higher high in this higher look thousand percent okay so
we start working our way down obviously we're not going to look for an area of interest up here
because price now they are yeah where is it where is it okay all right let's see we bring
it all the way down here this one right there bang correct that's an area of interest you see it one
so we'll circle it off right so we got one we got two and then we got three area of interest
but there's also another area of interest which would be somewhat this one this wouldn't be
considered an area of interest but here you have one and two so it's not considered an area of
interest this is the only area of interest easy that's it this is not an area of interest this is
not an area of interest right everything makes sense so far right 100 so you can tell that the
market is bullish you can tell what is what right now what if i told you that this market right here
is exactly what you just did right now just you did it on the line chart and here is on the
candlestick chart so if you notice it's literally the same market which is more confusing no it's
it's not confusing
it's just in a much it's presented in a different format so correct correct correct these are all
those structure points right there so i was teaching you in english right so you just
learned how to read and write in english oh that's europe yes this is this is usd chf no
but what i'm saying is like the language that you learned market structure is in english right here
now this is chinese but we're saying the same thing this is saying this is actually
kind of yeah something like that you know it's not actually in chinese
well i mean they're actually called the chinese candlesticks i mean i'm sorry japanese candlesticks
yeah these are japanese candlesticks right so this says the same sentence so this is basically
explaining this market is bullish we are at a higher high higher low and we're in an area
of interest that is what this says in english yeah now this is this is saying the same thing
but in japanese and you're reading it off of the candlesticks so where are let's say that this is
an area of interest are we ready to enter this trade based off of our entry signal yes or no
forget about this are we ready to enter this trade based off of the entry signal the entry
signal remember entry signal so this is where price is this is the area of interest that you
just marked off yeah let me see that real quick one time no why because this isn't a cross right
correct come on man that's it that's literally it
that is not a cross so there's no rejection and then there is so you don't have one of these right
here if you had something like this if you had a cross that was presented right here at this
area of interest you going in you would be ready to go in or wheezy or if you had one of these
you had an engulfing candlestick like that you would go but yeah yeah but you don't have neither
so you don't take the trade that's straight i'm ready yeah that's it i'm telling you i'm ready all
right now you have three tries i'm going to go back i'm going to find an opportunity and then
you either decide if you want to enter or not so it is if you get all three of them wrong you eat
this chip you know what all you got to do is get one right you taught me too much man i wanted to
see i want the people to see me eat the chicken okay all right all right all right so you got to
trick me yeah i'm going to trick you guys so you gotta like you gotta like turn around right so
let me see so you first start off with the line chart is this market bullish or is it bearish
bullish okay where's the higher high where's the higher low higher right there okay it's higher
right there okay perfect higher high higher low all right now what now we got to see if we're
going oh we got to find the uh area of interest area of interest all right so is the area of
interest like this so you look for it like this bring it up correct bring it up all right perfect
so we're going to start working our way down is uh i see an area of interest you see it
is this an area of interest we can count it off right all right we have one two three yeah four
yeah validary of interest okay so we're at an area of interest so what do we do now we go to
the candlesticks and we look at it yeah all right so that is exactly what is happening right here
what are you going to do i'm betting you're going to buy or sell i'm buying
no no no i'm selling you sure wait let me see
it's very easy to click yeah okay all right so yeah uh the market's bullish and you're at a
support level oh this is a hard part so we're bullish i'm saying so we're going up so i'm
gonna buy yeah yeah so you're bullish and you're the support it makes sense to buy you're sure
100 you sure thousand percent okay all right so you're ready to buy this trade right here he's
trying to trick me
he said come on are you ready to buy this trade right here wait hold on remember no no i'm not
buying because i had a cross yeah you need the rejection at the area of interest this is an area
of interest that's your cross so that's good yes okay so you're ready to buy it or so bye you're
sure bye you sure if you i'm ready to buy all right he's trying to trick me bro all right like
three is he gonna say it yeah right now we're about to find out three two
one bang you're right i'm up
yeah you got me okay did you know already yeah of course
yeah i went back and i found okay but like you're seeing the importance of it's the same
thing that i've been teaching you yeah i look for because it was bullish you have to buy when
it's bullish yeah you buy when it's bullish you buy the support and you have the rejection and
that's it trade goes up okay really what if i had uh the candlestick the big one the engulfing same
thing look still i'm buying yeah correct if you see here that's the engulfing you could have
still entered off of the engulfing for example
and i'm only buying because it's bullish yes so i know it already correct yeah i'm an expert yeah
no you're not an expert yeah we're getting there but that was really good that was really good for
your first time all right let me find you another example all right right now you're one zip so
you're up right now all right let me find you another example so for example this market right
here i'm going to assist you once again i'm going to give you this little help right here yeah
this little market structure help all right so is this market bullish or is this
market bearish okay where is the higher high and higher low one and two you sure the higher
high is number two oh yeah oh yeah yeah higher high is number one or number two two yeah no
it's kind of tricky for you yeah number two right yes correct and then the higher low of this no
the higher low would be this
yeah so right now we're bullish right
so we would put our area of interest and we would start working our way down
and then boom what do we have here we have higher than just yep we have one two three
one right here two and we have three yeah so we're bullish and we're at a valid area of
interest right okay cool this is where we are right now with price what do we have here so
if we're bullish and an area of interest all we need is our entry signal our entry signal is
either a rejection or an engulfing what do we have here engulfing where is it is that an engulfing
though because the point is at the bottom i don't know it's okay to make a mistake
it's right there so you're saying the current candles and engulfing
that means you're ready to enter the trade off of the area of interest when it's bullish it's okay to be wrong no i ain't going to be wrong
off of the area of interest when it's bullish it's okay to be wrong
into that one you don't want to enter this one nah okay that is actually a great decision that you
can make that that's a great decision i'm not sure on it yeah yo bro dude that's amazing bro
yo i'm not you got me a lot i'm telling you i'm not kidding like 99 of people would be like you
know what i'm just going to jump in it you know the other one i was sure on this one you're not
sure okay cool but if you would do something what would you do because you can you can just
hypothetically still predict the market you don't have to enter what would you do if i had to do
something yeah let's see i'm like so we're about this right now
one two three correct this would be yeah i'm betting that it's going up you would bet that
it goes up yeah okay okay and this would be the rejection here okay so you would bet that would
go up you'd put something like this all right well guess what it's going yeah oh yeah so you
just missed that so what would you give you would have bet on it yeah i would have bought
correct because the candle yes correct that what it is again yes that's a bullish and
often candle so why i thought it had the point had to be taller it is that that candle at that
point right there didn't go for these last two candles so yes that right there would have counted
a hundred percent okay so the so the candle doesn't have to be like this and then have the
point at the top no it doesn't because i'm thinking of seeing the big point about the wick
no it doesn't need that it doesn't matter about the weight no no so what's the weight the wick is
just it's just like the trail of price just the rejection so that's the engulfing candle too
correct yes that's right yes correct i'm telling you that that was a great decision like not taking
the trade is a great decision and i still learned and you still aren't correct so i'll give you that
one as well because you're right about the trend that's two all right third one let's see what's
gonna happen you're doing pretty good i didn't think i was gonna like i didn't one i didn't
think it was this complex but it's it's not com or do you see this year well no you have to sit
down it's not hard you just got to sit down if you watch this video and you lock in yeah it's
over probably watch this video like twice correct yeah it's over yeah you just need to
experience learning the patterns correct yeah so here i'm going to hook you up once again is this
market bullish or is this market bearish remember that's the first thing you always have to identify
the trend oh god because uh the engine is confusing i mean bullish bullish okay where's
the higher high one or number two two you sure yeah all right yeah okay where's the higher low
one or
or two or one one okay correct so price is not broken below the higher low which still makes
it bullish perfect so now you're almost there almost right correct it was almost there yeah
this is like you know that's exactly right so right now let's see are we at an area of interest
yes or no you said do we have an area of interest yeah correct we have one two
okay three and then i would also count this structure here right here okay yeah so i would
count that yeah so we have four so if you notice that is exactly what this market is doing right
here it's the same exact market right so right now we're at that area of interest
thanks i'm not saying that it is definitely a lot harder yeah yeah so in english yeah would you
enter this trade at this area of interest or do you have your entry signal or not dang it's hard
again but yeah i don't know i don't know i don't know i don't know i don't know i don't know i don't know
at it you would enter it it's okay to be wrong you would not enter it but what do you think it's
going to do go up or down um it's going to go up it's going to go up so you would not enter
this position you sure you're at an area so like you're bullish you're at an area of interest and
you have your rejection entry to cross oh that's the cross yes that's the cross so it
doesn't matter about the last one no it's just as long as you have that cross there oh yeah for sure
okay okay you would you would enter it is this this is not engulfing is it no that's not engulfing
okay even though it's a little bit bigger than that what makes it this is engulfing no no this
one right here would be engulfing because it ate the last two canvas this one did not always about
the last two candles yeah so this one ate that one but yeah we had two of these is engulfing yes
okay i'm tripping oh yeah so but it doesn't matter about the last one if we see a cross it's good
right here well then the trade is it's been missed you know you have to you have to treat it live
live for right now yeah but this is the second one that's fine but that's where price is right
now live yeah but the price is right here though yeah but that's like right next to you like it's
uh what about the crosses right here the third one well that third candle didn't have a cross
made so you would have to wait for the cross to be made oh yeah so this one right here yeah if
you would be right here no because there's no cross here you have a cross right here
cross yes and after it's like another confirmation so it's good okay all right so you would enter
this trade just like this yeah all right so this is where i didn't teach you this but it's okay
because you know there's always continuation on learning but your stop loss placement is very
very important wherever you place your stop loss is where you want to get out if the market for
whatever reason goes to that area so it automatically takes you out at your pre-calculated
risk and your take profit is where it gets you out of your profit let's say you would enter the
trade just like this this price for example hit your stop loss and it would have taken you out
but it would have still gone to your take profit but because your stop loss was too tight
you basically lost the trade but you were right about the direction
so a lot of people they do this they make the stop loss too tight and they don't give their
trade breathing room they have to give their trade some breathing room so the trade can breathe
before it gets to the ground yeah so you could be right about the direction but the specific point
you enter yeah is important yeah might be you have to give it some breathing room okay so
technically have a lot of leverage carry yeah so you were right here about the direction of the move
but your stop loss you need to be slightly adjusted i didn't teach you this which is totally
fine how do i know that it needs to be slightly adjusted that is based off of how how big your
area of interest is how big this rejection is like you know we'll calculate it with some tools
that we have and then it'll tell you you know your stop loss should be here your stop area rejection
your stop loss is not big enough what's the stop loss it's where it's the pre-calculated
loss before you take the trade so this this right here it's fine you're what matters here that you
understand once if you understand the direction of the market yeah how you place your stop loss
where that's all very like that's like the final part you know that's like so you like right now
here think about it as you know you're getting the swing now you're not knowing if you run to first
base or second base first yeah you know you're gonna figure out you gotta go to first base first
the same thing all that matters is that you could hit the ball we're still swinging yeah and then
you know that you're hitting it perfect yeah so in this example you would be right again but you
could have taken a loss if your stop loss was placed in the right now yeah so technically one
for two or two oh yeah not bad not bad not bad yeah technically technically technically technically
so i mean yeah that that's pretty much what trading consists of trading consists of let me just
so trading pretty much consists of
trend yeah direction of the market consists of area of interest which is where you're interested
in buying or selling and then your entry signal okay does this make trading simpler to you how
does it feel a thousand percent yeah yeah i feel like if i did this for at least a week
and if i if i liked it you know what i'm saying which i kind of do i like to win
so if i was watching these videos for like a week i feel like i could learn how to trade
i feel like i'll be confident i'll probably be too confident i'll probably go in and try to be
the next alex i mean i mean you could i'm telling you the most important thing is your decision i
probably would watch this like while i'm eating you could first see but like that's while i'm
eating i'll just sit down and pop a video up and just watch the trade correct and then a week later
i'm like 10k in yeah well that's the beauty of the forex market because it's open 24 5 so you can
do it at any point throughout the day if you're if you're listening you're working at nine to five
you have more time to get better yeah and you have more the market's open for more opportunities
it's not for you it's nine to five let's say you get home at five from your nine to five you can't
do anything but the other way around the forex market you could you could get home from work
at five and you could still trade all night if you wanted to that's why the forex is better much
better yeah because it doesn't sleep correct yeah other than weekends and then weekends anyway which
is better the rest yeah yeah so i mean yeah just to summarize everything everything just
really comes down to trend area of interest and then the entry signal
you take a trade without all of those three lining up sure it's just a higher risk trade can you swing
can you get on the wave if it's raining and there's sharks in the water you still surf away can you
still catch one sure just a bit higher risk you might get struck by thunder you might get eaten
by a shark that's all up to that person's risk appetite and what they want to do yeah what matters
is that you understand that you're at risk that you're not naive or you're clueless to it that's
the problem with 99 of traders they're going in to go surf when it's shark infested waters and the
terrible brother yeah what you know what i'm saying they need to go oh oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah correct they just need to chill like you're not forced to go surf 24 7. you need to wait for
the right opportunity yeah so you want to eat the trip come on i was like you really like you
really want to eat the chip where's the chip bro oh my god it is a chip so we're here with ashton
hall and he says that you can eat this hot chip this is the world's hottest chip easy easy easy
if you could eat the whole chip and not ask for water for 60 seconds i'll give you a thousand
dollars cash easy but brother you're you're good brother you're cooked bro is it hot
is it hot wait you're gonna eat the other half you can't talk that's eight but you're gonna well
you don't have to eat the other half 25 seconds yo you need to have this out of his mind
to compete yo how hot brother how is it
i think you just can't talk no but is it hot like one out of ten one out of ten what do you give it
is the hottest thing i had before yeah like would you throw this on some tacos or something no
well i feel my heart oh my god it's worse now it was chilling first yeah when we're walking
outside i was gonna be a problem yeah if he falls on the floor i don't think all three of us can
pick him up bro you kept looking back at me i'm like dude dude dude dude dude dude dude dude
yeah he's looking at me for the right reasons i'm gonna fall down yeah he's he's walking like
that all i was thinking is i hope that's all yeah he's walking like this i'm like so slow
oh man i had a had a great time with ashton huh he did not have to eat that hot chip that was just
total decision up to him there at the end and i'm glad that he was able to at least feel better at
the end and learn something now that he didn't know previously and that's the problem with
trading as a whole with when it comes to 99 of people that don't know what trading is they
don't know about somebody that does it they're just scared about it and they don't understand
how simple it really is and it's crazy like i'm very in shock how well he learned this for his
first time like ashton haw has never traded before in his life you guys heard it directly from him
he's never seen a youtube video before he's never traded demo he's never even
taken a trade right so this was his literal first initial start and he has understood something that
took
me two years to even comprehend when i was learning how to trade and going online to figure
out how to trade it took me so much time to learn stuff filter out what didn't work learn something
again test it remove it filter out add new things he just got it all on a one or two hour session
on his first time like that is so powerful because you save yourself from making so many
mistakes in the markets and that's what i do every single week with my students this is my
first time ever teaching somebody
live like this and teaching somebody that knows absolutely nothing on a one-on-one and the fact
that he was able to learn that fast shows how powerful my teaching is and how powerful trading
can be because in my community i literally teach this but in a much more detailed version this is
a very summarized way of teaching him how to trade we still left out platforms we still left
out slippage spreads trades pips uh trading view brokers like there's so much we left out and you
know it's very long video for me to actually teach him that and he didn't have to learn
all that right now to learn the direction of the market whether it's going to go up or down
but i do that every single week instead of the community with my students i literally teach them
how to trade i share with them my exact trades why i'm interested in taking them they're part
of a community where they can interact with other successful traders and ask me questions directly
and the most valuable of all i get to review your trades after you take them when you make a mistake
and i wish i was part of a community like this when i got started because i would literally know
what i was learning from why i made this mistake and how can i actually learn from it and that's
what i've been doing lately for the last six to 12 months is really focusing more on the traders
themselves on the trades that they're taking rather than just teaching them what something
is and letting them to go figure it out like i'm actually going hand on hand with you to do this
and sadly my community is not open to everybody it really is only on acceptance purpose like if
you qualify if you're at a certain level that makes sense for you to be part of my community
i'll accept you if you have a certain drive i'll accept you i just don't
want it to be like i'm dragging an anchor for me to teach you how to trade and you're basically
holding back everybody else if you really want to trade my team will be able to determine that
and you can apply down below if you click the link down in the description below i will teach you
how to trade i will get you access to my community and i will review your trades but you
need to apply first be as truthful as possible that you can with answering your questions
because if you're not you simply just will get cancelled and you won't get accepted there's
plenty of people that want to get in and want to work with the right people
but with that being said i hope you like and enjoyed this video hit that like and subscribe
button you want to be part of my community hit the link in description down below
and if you want to see other videos in my channel i have a 10 hour video where i literally teach you
how to trade and give you all the other stuff that i did not mention in this video right here
just hit that subscribe button go check out my other videos there's so much value just hidden
inside of this channel that it's crazy i wish i had a channel like this when i got started
trading but it's here now for you guys it is not too late to trade trading will be open
forever as long as there's currencies in the world there will be markets to trade so don't
everything that the markets will come to an end with that being said hope you guys enjoyed
this video hit that like and subscribe button and i'll see you guys in the next one


==============================
VIDEO 053 — Teaching My Friend How To Trade Memecoins-IayPad7wjfg
==============================

Oh, do you want to get back in?
You want to get back in? We should get back in.
You're a crash out, you're-
Five soul, five souls, five soul.
Ho- Oh!
Oh!
Oh my god, I'm crashing out, I'm crashing out. I'm so fucked.
Hold the line, hold the line. Hold the line! Hold the line!
Get fucked!
Hell yeah! Hell yeah!
We'll do ten soul and then both of us will place a twenty soul.
So dumb.
Alright guys, we are officially in the trenches and this is going to be a little bit better than some of my other meme coin videos because now, instead of trading on Photon, we're going to be using an actual trading bot.
We're advancing. Orangy keeps putting us on to more and more game that apparently with Nova you get filled like fucking instantly.
And also with Nova you can sell.
Sell way quicker. Like, we're going to be using y'all as exit liquidity essentially.
But, Carson, are you familiar with any of this shit?
Just, like, you've seen this before. This setup before, yeah?
I'm more of a phantom wallet guy.
And I have- I died with a little bit in the coins at one point.
Popped into Gooner a little bit.
And I was there for Diddy and Diddy Party and Diddy's baby oil.
But, haven't really like heard much going on about the meme coins than I'm looking right now.
And it's looking like there's a bunch of bullshit on there.
But, hopefully with good faith and with Orangy's fucking wizard bot,
we can at least make a couple sold here so I can get you this fucking rolly that you keep asking about.
Right. So, we're using a couple tools.
We're using Nova and then we're also trading on Photon meme scopes.
So, as you guys can see, most of your guys' Photon wallets isn't going to have these fucking sniper knocker tools.
That we have on here.
So, you can see that I can literally snipe this bitch the second that it migrates over.
Yeah, and fucking Cupsy already got in with 12 soul on that bitch.
So, we might want to consider figuring something out with this one or a neater network AI.
I'll do fucking seven soul into that bitch.
Okay, but anyways, this is pretty much the trenches.
Honestly, I don't even want to try and explain this shit to you.
Let's just try and like-
Let's just try and explain this shit to you.
Let's just try and make some shit shake.
So, the first thing that I want you to understand is-
Let me pull up this Nova extension really quick.
We have our quick buy amount in Solana.
Unfortunately, the people can't see, but our quick buy amount is one soul right now.
Even though it says on Photon that it's 0.01.
We'll switch it to one for now.
Whatever you do, don't hit this one because then it'll transact with my actual Photon wallet.
We want the super speed Nova tracker.
Right.
Nova bot, Nova UAV.
Pretty much.
Nova aim bot, essentially.
So, we're going to be hitting this one.
And this is pretty much where we're going to be posted up for the majority of the time.
I'll give you like a brief little overview of some shit that we're not trying to look at.
So, have you seen that little bald dude that's been popping up all over the time?
Hyphen X, this dude?
I'm not a fan.
Yeah.
So, when you see repeat memes, you don't want to buy those.
You don't want to buy those ones.
So, like if you see the same picture of a dude like over and over and over again, it's obviously, yeah, it's played the fuck out.
So, you don't want that shit.
And really like go with whatever's speaking to you, but also we got to use our brains a little bit.
So, like think in just the meme coin narrative.
So, like some ones that I cooked back when I was doing this shit.
Okay.
So, like this already could be potential.
Potential and quick.
Okay.
So, we were able to get in this bitch.
I don't even know how much we have in it.
I need to pull up the Nova shit on Telegram.
Oh, wait.
Did we already sell it?
Oh, cool.
We made money on it.
How much?
I didn't even mean to sell.
We made 0.2 soul.
Fucking ball out.
That's lunch.
That fucking, that sucks that they can't see us making bread though.
We can do like a, it sucks though.
Cause like on this, it doesn't even show where you bought, you know.
We can just send screenshots.
We can just send them like every transaction that we do and have them pop them up accordingly.
Okay, bet.
Sorry dudes.
Yeah.
Wait, that kind of sucks.
Cause like, let me go back to trim.
Let's trim.
We should buy that bitch.
Okay.
Oh no.
This was us.
We made $0 on this.
Fire.
Yeah.
I wish we could.
Um, I wish we were able to see like our entry and shit.
Cause that matters a lot.
I guess we got to trust the process or some shit.
Anyways, back to the track.
So all of this shit that's coming in are pretty much brand new meme coins that are being made.
So the one that we, we bought and sold, like we pretty much made a total of zero, $0 on
it.
We bought and then we sold and we only made like 0.2 soul.
So nothing too special.
But what we're going to do.
But what we're going to want to do is like find whatever's fucking calling your name.
And you want to think the reason why I clicked on that was because we saw that that one dude
cupsy, he bought that block open source shit over here.
And then the, the first meme coin that I saw was like block open source founder.
So like, see how that's in the same narrative of like, okay, this coin, it just was able
to migrate over radium.
There's clearly a lot of like backing behind it.
And then boom.
Now, like the founder came out with, or obviously didn't come out.
Obviously didn't come out with a meme coin, but the founder has a meme coin now.
So like maybe we try and scalp that super quick.
Um, that's really what you're trying to look for, for like narrative type of plays, like
real Madrid fans, nobody's going to want to buy that.
You want to be thinking in the eyes of somebody that is like thinking of like real time news,
like that's, those are going to be the best plays that are going to make you the most
amount of money.
So like if we can look at, uh, so like deep sea.
Did you hear about the deep seek AI shit?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So there's been like a fucking quadrillion coins of this deep seek shit coming out.
Um, and like, this is, this is nothing new.
So like, again, if there's a deep sea coin, you don't want to play into that because there's
already been so many and you can't really guess which one's going to be correct and
which one's going to be incorrect.
Um, let's try and find like a, another good example of like, this is funny.
This is like a funny anus ape.
Now understand soon.
Yeah, exactly.
But the only problem is the market caps at seven 71,000.
So like the goal is to buy coins like that now it's at 93,000 should have bought that
bitch.
So that literally would have been like close to it, a two X already.
So we want to be able to buy those types of coins at like literally seven or eight K
market cap and then ride them until they're about to migrate.
But the goal.
Should low key be like, get out before they migrate.
Cause most of the time, by the time they migrate over, you're going to want to get the fuck
out of that.
But luckily we have the Nova bot that will be able to snipe us not only into coins that
are migrating over.
If we think they're going to do well, like in the longterm, but we're not focused on
the launch longterm, but also be able to snipe us out if we get caught up in like a migration
over.
Cool.
Okay, cool.
So wanted me to show you like one example first.
And then like, you can go from there.
Yeah.
Well, first tell me a little bit about what's about to graduate what's graduated and then
what's like floor market cap that we should be looking for.
If we're just getting in and out, bro, all these are new coins that are getting made
literally.
And within the second, these are all the new coins that are being made, like as we
are speaking.
So these are all, they all start at $6.5,000 market cap and then about to graduate means
they're about to migrate over to radium.
So that means like open for them.
The public to trade and you know, like regular people.
Cause you, you said before you were only trading on phantom wallet.
So this, once it migrate, once it's done migrating, then it'll move over to graduated.
So boom, it just finished migrating.
Now it's graduated.
And now this will be available on phantom wallet for you to buy if you want at a market
cap of 90,000 or now it's at 83,000.
So the about to graduate means like, okay, it's about to migrate over newly created.
Are literally the ones that have just been created right now.
As we speak a lot of the meme coin guys, like they're nasty at this and they pull up in order
to fact check shit.
So like, um, let's, so Steve, this dude, who the fuck is he?
Like they'll look at the Twitter, they'll see like, okay, did this dude do something,
whatever, like try and figure out like, is this news legit or not?
Because some people will, will come out.
Like my best meme coin play ever was like a 20 X.
On one of these, it was fucking crazy.
I only put like two soul in, but it was lit.
It was like, the name was first, first robot with human organs.
And I bought it because I was like, that just sounds like fresh news.
And then I clicked on the website and it was literally posted like five hours ago and
somebody made a meme coin about it and then boom, it went crazy.
So we, but also we don't want to be buying like first, whatever, without like, I mean,
we can, because this is just a little game.
But ideally we're trying to make you some money here.
Sometimes it'll say like first fucking horse to win a race.
And it's that shit was from like 30 years or like whatever, like fucking years ago.
So nobody cares about that.
Like, like the biggest thing that you would want to be thinking about is like this one,
bro, or orbit AI deep seek gen 2.1 model.
That bitch is already that bro, that bitch is already at $15,000 market cap.
So if we bought right when that came out, like I'm, I can almost promise you that this
shit has some sort of news behind it.
Like if we go to the website or if we go to the, the Twitter or whatever, it would, it
would come up with something.
So that's kind of what we're trying to think about.
Cool.
Cool.
That all makes sense.
You should fucking, you should get in one and get out of one just so I can peak game
and then we can swap seats and let me fucking get to work.
Okay, cool.
This part of it kind of sucks or at least for Eric because it's like dead silent and
we kind of.
Just have to lock in for a bit.
Yeah.
So there's like a lot of goose shit coming out.
I don't know.
I don't know why.
Like I think there was like some, some goose coin that like some, something about something
within crypto about a goose, goose dev, like all of this shit is just like goose shit.
World's number new AI whale.
I see that you have four filters on what, what are you filtering for?
It's not much.
It's really just pump fun moonshot.
And then I have the age, uh, by minutes by in three.
Yeah.
Mark Cuban's been saying that he's going to launch a coin, but I doubt it.
Crazy.
How fat Mark Cuban's at fucking 64 game market cap.
Damn.
What the fuck?
That shit happens quick.
Yup.
Yeah.
And if you get in the shit at the right time, damn.
So this should just migrated over.
Let's see.
Let me try and get into some shit.
This would have been a play bro.
Where is it at?
113.
Yeah.
See, that's what I'm saying.
But the problem is like, you don't re you really don't know, bro.
You really don't know.
It's hard unless like you're super nasty at this.
And like if you're on this 24 seven, it's just like trading where you start to see trends
and like, if you're able to get on the trends and cook, then it's wraps.
Let me try and see.
See, my problem is I see some shit like that gel cat and when the picture was hard enough,
it's something that like.
Yeah.
Like you remember that fucking coin, Evan, that were like, they were even Brett bro.
Like that shit's cute.
I would buy that shit.
Like I don't really know.
Okay.
So there's a nut.
There's already a coin.
I know.
Holy shit.
Wow.
We might've missed the fucking clay of the century.
Yeah.
Dev sold.
Dev sold.
Wait.
I got to switch this over.
So explain that to me a little bit too.
What?
Like what does the dev selling?
I mean, obviously I'm sure.
Like what's a 10%?
Yeah.
Like what's a typical percentage of supply for a dev to hold?
And then like what, is there any good that comes from the dev selling or is that like
that's
I mean, maybe like longterm longterm.
Yeah.
There's good that comes from that because if it's like a genuinely good project and
the dev sells, then that means like the majority of, yeah, it's for the, it's like the, in
the people's control now.
Okay.
Let me lock in and try and see if there's like anything that can come our way.
We're going to hit something strong.
I'm so sure of it.
I feel like I'm on the fucking blackjack table right now.
I love that shit.
What's this goose shit going so far?
Wow.
He's in.
Forget about it.
Okay.
So we're up right now.
Dev just sold.
We're up higher.
Higher.
Higher.
Higher.
Fuck.
Shooter.
Lock in.
Might have, might have to get out.
Okay.
Dev sold.
Dev sold.
Dev sold.
Dev sold.
Dev sold.
Dev sold.
Dev sold.
Dev sold.
Dev sold.
Dev sold.
Dev sold.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
$9,000 market cap.
This is good.
Should we let it cook?
Let it.
Okay.
What'd you get in with?
0.5?
Not one.
Fuck.
We're pretty much at entry.
Workout.
I'm still seeing dick-sized candles about to pop up.
You think so?
See, that's the problem.
Like after this amount of time, if it's not like dick, I'm dicked already.
Yeah.
So like we got to see where it's at.
It's probably time to wrap that shit up now.
Yeah.
So like we got to see where it's at.
It's probably time to wrap that shit up now.
Yeah.
So like we got to see where it's at.
It's probably time to wrap that shit up now.
Yeah.
So like we got to see where it's at.
It's probably time to wrap that shit up now.
We got to see where it's at.
It's not even on here.
We got to go back to our holdings.
Where the fuck did that shit go?
Oh shit.
Wait, what the fuck?
What the fuck?
Oh, it's not even on here.
We got to bring it up on here.
God damn it.
Wow.
God damn it.
God damn it.
God damn it.
It's over.
No.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Lock in.
Lock in.
Lock in.
I thought that the shit was bound to be like off the screen.
It was.
for a little bit okay maybe we get out you gotta get out of this bitch brother okay let's see what
we made oh damn that's it wait we only made we made wait there's no way we only made 0.1 soul
on that i mean yeah oh wait damn really well i mean yeah i guess that makes sense we made because
we got in like right here okay yeah 10 that's a 10 game baby food okay okay okay okay you want
to do this next one yeah put me in the game okay log in that shit was scary because i didn't even
realize that it's not going to oh yeah another thing that i forgot to tell you if you hold your
shit on here see how it says paused so it won't load like new shit in there cool so if you go
off like this then it'll be loading so you kind of just gotta like hover and then
spot that
okay you tell me if you see something that looks good yeah i know about this shit don't buy that
shit see so like even right now like you always want to have your mouse like off off the shit
just so like it can let the shit go in case something critical comes through yeah so we're
off the deep sea right yeah i would say off of that that's been like a couple days
smithers too or unless so like that one that i bought that was like that was like
creative you know it was like it it spelled out goose but it was like gain overcome out whatever
yes that is oh my god they're allowed to do that shit they've been doing a lot they used to do a
lot worse shit than that like that banana goose one would have been good no no no no no because
that that that's old news too he said he said like a while ago that he was going to make a
meme coin and people are kind of fragrance you better not be
nah fragrance is washed condoms for gaza that's like kind of fire not that one because there's
already been one that's graduated so like if you're seeing one that's already about to graduate
like all the ones after that are just trying to scam you into getting into the shit damn it's
crazy people are that on this shit yeah see i like i know enough to like i'm like break even
pretty much every single time that i do this shit i end up break even it really wouldn't take
much to like break even i'm like break even i'm like break even i'm like break even i'm like break
even it really wouldn't take much for me to get i think pretty nasty at this i'm already good at
other shit though that's the thing so i'm just gonna keep doing what i'm good at oh fuck i'm
getting a phone call do you want to hold this shit down yeah what's up motherfuckers
the only thing that's a little bit spooky right now like i'm comfortable on this bitch don't get
me wrong but i don't know how to sell this shit so i do want to sell this shit but i don't know
I'm gonna fuckin' pop a quicksoul in one of these coins
before Jake gets back,
cause I know it would be meme.
But if I hit like a fuckin' 5X
and I don't know how to get out of that bitch,
I'm gonna be sick.
I already know I'm not gonna know how to get out to,
but I'm gonna do it anyways for the fuckin' culture.
Let me see something, come on.
It's fuckin' hilarious, gaping.
Failed?
Oh shit, now what?
Now where the fuck is it at?
Where is it?
Where is it, where is it?
I'm crashing out, I'm crashing out.
I'm so fucked.
I literally just pissed a soul away.
It's over for me.
Literally no fuckin' clue where that shit went.
Did you blow through all our bread yet?
I fuckin', I bought some.
You don't know?
Where's that bitch at, bro?
What, bro?
Let me see, let me see, what did you do?
I copped some shit, or thought I did at least.
Okay, nah.
You didn't.
What did you click on?
Don't remember.
It was funny, though.
Yeah?
This shit would've ripped if we got in that bitch.
Gain a ride on God, shill erect.
How about that for Goose?
Yeah, nah.
Yeah, nah, there's no open positions.
Make a play, man.
Wait, so we already lost .5 soul, though?
No, no, no.
Oh, fuck, bro.
Maybe you did.
Oh my God, you bought it on the shit that I told you not to.
I knew it, bro.
Bro.
I fucking knew.
Oh my God.
If we, bro.
You top ticked it.
You didn't know.
Oh, I thought that was me.
Fuck no.
What?
You bought, right?
You literally bought at the worst possible time, like, ever.
There's not even wicks up here.
That shit was free, bro.
How'd I even get fucking filled up there?
All right, remember?
I told you.
We're not clicking on this.
We're clicking on this.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
that like um they'll so like let's say uh fucking a project wants to i don't know like super jug
people they'll get their shit up on pump fun they'll have all these snipers like buy it up so
so it can just like immediately graduate you get what i'm saying sniper gang kodak yeah did the
food cone that was my player i bet he was saying we can't do this anymore he said get he said get
off of memes yeah get carson out of the chat right now wanton the bulldog i'm sorry i can't
even really okay now click click go not not on holdings okay so once you cop the shit we're
gonna have to go to okay oh my god okay so we probably got filled like up here and okay so
we're up right now of course so if we want
to sell we just click this hundred percent shit um don't not don't don't sell don't don't sell yeah
i mean it's there's only four holders of this shit and like if i'm being badass i don't know
remember you told me that the animal shit was said and done yeah wanton the bulldog are you
fucking don't hit sell you just click the hundred percent to sell a hundred percent of it it's see
no nova aimbot we gotta get out of this bitch huh yeah we're literally one of the four holders
and the dev hasn't even sold
okay so boom we pretty we made no money somebody came in that bitch that wasn't us bro oh really yes
we put one soul into that so far and we're up nah we we broke even yeah you sure yeah that was fire
no we made 0.02 so yeah but we also lost it on fees of course right so go scroll back up and
click meme scope and then we're right back
dude this is fucking awesome we gotta up the lot size pretty soon yeah can we start fading
too sold after i make brownie not after these first couple plays that i've seen you hit we
gotta we gotta narrow it down a little bit more like wanton the bulldog like that's not
something that we want to be going at i mean come on dude like thinking think like use use the memes
that are already coming out and use the shit that is gradually coming out and use the shit that is
graduated and that's about to graduate like to your advantage you see what i'm saying so like
the goose shit was super easy for me to see like okay yeah i know that um i know i know that this
goose shit is fucking popping right now i know that mark cuban deep sea ai is like popping right
now so if there's like spinoffs of shit like that like derivatives of certain narratives like
those are little ones that we can pick up on and then in the off chance that we
do catch the bottom of like a crazy new news thing then that's like bet um we like those will
be our runner runners but like the quick flips will be the ones that are like derivatives of
current plays that are already going on i can't believe people sit on this bitching
crap that's act this is probably this is probably worse brain rot than young ansom young ansom get
on that get on young ansom young ansom
not too late nah wrong one oh bro god damn it okay fuck get us out of there dude
this is some fucking bullshit so ansom just posted he's like a huge crypto twitter guy he um
the dev fucking sold that i know yeah i know what does he get from that he does the the dev
probably makes like a couple bucks or something boogie wait what the fuck
i'm not even
live right now we should buy this should we buy one sold boogie i bet they're gonna air i bet
they're gonna airdrop it to one of my wallets there's six wait how do they even have did you
ever post this because i know i i know i i posted it on twitter yesterday i was starting to feel
weird nah let's not buy that bro okay so ansom that's like that's like uh that's like crypto
twitter shit so like i can almost ansom is a
like one of the top people on crypto twitter and i'm assuming like all of those coins came
out because he posted a picture of himself that was like like a younger version of himself the
second that you see shit like i don't know it's hard to explain but when like shit like that
comes out like you can get in and get the fuck out and like make easy easy bread on something
like that okay so again this was this is another good example for you so strategic uh dakota
strategic south dakota reserve i can almost i can i'll probably bet money that there was something
that just came out because we can see in both these images s and then sbr like i can guarantee
you that some shit came out about south dakota doing something with some sort of reserve
okay i'm feeling you i give like do like one more test run at this shit and then we're gonna
have to start going in a little bit deeper nah all of that shit's
that like condoms for gaza we don't know i know i know there's one that's up like i just saw
i just saw so many of them bitches fucking pop up dude so orangey and his demons sit like this
all day long and just wait for with like six more monitors than us they have the potion wallet they
have this they have tele like multiple monitors up there with telegram like groups and and bots
in the discord like tweet alerts like bro i feel like a retard
already like just looking at this it's damaging to the mental for sure but again think about it
before those guys those guys were just trading those those guys were playing fortnite you know
so it's like either play fortnite or or brain rot a different way make literally like fucking
no i'm fucking but i'm on that shit we're just gangster i know he's so hard you want to hear
some dope shit that he did yesterday tell me
apparently there was like some coin that it was like fortnite coin or something
okay no no so go click on it click it click on it click click okay okay so we got destroyed
easy easy easy hold hold hold hold how many hold where do i see the holder 16 at the bottom of
the page right there holders doesn't really matter we want to see like transactions coming
there's a lot of holders hold hold hold hold hold hold let's just see where this bitch goes
until we can up the lot size some 29 holders fuck sniper sold i mean i think regardless what is
what does hit 100 what does sniper sold mean it just means that somebody like like somebody
that snipe the coin like i don't necessarily know what photon like labels the shit as but um
when it says sniper sold it just means somebody that snipe the coin prior with like hella bread
just sold so
yeah let me see what our damn pnl's hitting for let me see okay so right we're not down bad like
at all we're still sitting at 99.32 so we've lost some money but now it's time to start
increasing our lot size here so what we're going to do is we're going to pull up this extension
and we're going to set this bitch to five soul now now we're going to oops now we're going to
be able to move like the market a little bit
we're not gonna we're gonna make sure we don't do 50 yeah not chill okay so how much is 50s all
50 50 times 250 couldn't even tell 25k
no i know 100 100 soul it that's like 12.5k right 12.5k
hey dude good freaking job man talk to me nice
okay so now we up we up our shit to to five soul now that's what our quick buy is set at
i need you to lock in that and i just need you to be a little bit faster with the shit
you're a little you're a little bit too slow right now so like right now you're clicking on
shit down here by the time it's down here i don't i don't give a shit about it okay like we're we
gotta look for shit we gotta look for shit we gotta look for shit
that's popping up like asap that's why you get so pissed when i freeze it because you're talking
about i need to catch like the top three yeah yeah and then another thing so like give me the
shit back so when you enter into a shit enter into something and like let's say i click buy on
this i don't want to click buy and then freak out i mean like where'd the shit go i'm on that no
click buy and then click this so we can see the chart immediately and get a good understanding
of where we got in at so
this is the big leagues now we're dealing with five soul this is a pretty much 1.1.2 fucking
racks down on i'm gonna let you call the first buy and i'm gonna do it fast and diligent and
then once we make well that's the thing i don't want to call it out because there's gonna be
multiple of like you know and that's the thing when there's multiple you have to choose like
give you the shit back so when there's multiple and you can tell that there's like a super strong
narrative like the anthem one there was only like a couple of people that were like i don't know
a couple coins that were made but there was one that was made that like literally just said like
y a as the shit you don't want to buy that you want to buy the one that says like
ansem and then the under thing said young ansem and it was like a full 4k picture of him you know
like you want the one that looks the best the one the title that is like cleanest and all that and
as as long as there isn't like another one that's already graduated or ready about to graduate then
it's gonna be like a full 4k picture of him that's gonna be like a full 4k picture of him that's gonna
be like um yeah so like all of these fucking the the condom ones it's like obvious those are
those are bad yeah um i think i think you get the gist of the shit i think you can take over again
we got five solo on the line now this is a this is a band a band we're playing with oh they're
going crazy with this cow shit who is this bro i just saw seven coins of that just sometimes
they'll flood sometimes they'll flood you know sometimes they'll flood you know sometimes they'll
a meme scope with the with like cal or whatever to like try and build hype for their like actual
drop or something or though or like the main twitter will be like oh cal is dropping a meme
coin in like this day like i guarantee you that actor is probably gonna come out with like or
posted some shit about like i'm coming out with a meme coin and all those people were trying to
take advantage of it yeah like cal's he's clearly like he clearly posted something on twitter
talking about i'm like
taking a meme coin so when we see shit like that we want to avoid it because it's just impossible
to guess which one's the right one or if there even is the right one he had to have posted on
twitter about something let me see what twitter's talking about oh my god dude boogie come here
lay down i'm trying to play this shit yeah sometimes you don't see shit yeah it's really
like it'd be really
hard if i were to actually sit in the trenches to stay disciplined because
wait don't sell don't sell yet don't sign so sniper sold dev sold we're fucked hit
yeah get out of that shit really yeah good call to pop out of that bitch i should we got to be
quicker bro we yes yeah i was fucking yeah from the fucking bottom okay i don't even know how much
we lost on that shit damn it yeah okay
not too bad we only lost oh where did i buy like top top here oh do you want to get back in
we want to get back in we should get back in your crash out your soul five soul five souls five soul
okay this is our enter this is a fuck okay okay
nah there's hella holders look there's hella holders coming through nah this is crazy
this is crazy okay okay
i gotta move this so i can see it's it i believe it starts to migrate when it hits like 90k market
cap so if we get anywhere close to that we don't want to get fucked damn we gotta see some people
pull through right now pull through pull through holders increasing 85 good good i'm still bullish
fuck wow you would have spanked i would have spanked them see that's the problem bro
this shit is so unpredictable we're sitting at like probably only like point something sold down
right now holders are diminishing by the second oh my god at this point get out at this point
hold the line hold the line it is really hard to play these ones because then you get married to
the bag and you just know some some new shit's probably
dropping right now that's like literally a 100x holders diminishing
jeez we got my rug pull you know let's what was the damage on that damn okay so we lost
like 2.2 dude we could have fucking i know i know i i fucked up on that one okay you cook cook
cook cook cook you you could you call that one grab the fucking quesadilla runners what'd you
get from that
fire i mean come on man tech deck that shit was a fucking no-brainer piece hold the line diamond
hands not on that pussy ass paper shit letting that bitch fly at the first red dick like
could have got out the trenches with that shit i keep seeing this fucking pussy cow the dragon
pop up on my shit i'm gonna fucking get over here pretty soon if i keep seeing that do rag pop up
shit's actually so
close to the where殿
just seeing that Brasilio
you're going to piss me off
a little bit
oh my god boogie you're not allowed to do shit like that bro
you're not allowed to eat until you make us a look like soul
format
this is gonna crowd tank
oh my god bro
hold hold hold
hold oh workouts
i caught the first one i saw like four of them pop up
what is that what is that european squash?
fuck
Yeah, we're under water now.
Fuck, I gotta start letting that shit off my hands.
You gotta get out.
These are six holders.
Oh my god.
Bro.
Bro.
That type of shit will make you sick to your stomach.
How much bread did I lose right there?
Damn.
Um, scroll up.
Scroll up.
Scroll up.
Wait.
Where is this?
Oh my god.
Well, that's not super bad.
You just, you lost, like,
20k.
Like, three soul.
Five.
That's not bad.
Okay, keep cooking.
I think, if we, okay, so we're down 10 soul right now.
I don't know how that happened.
So we're down, like, 2k right now.
I think we can, we can pick up.
I think so.
When that bitch rips, like, what Orangey taught me is, like,
when that bitch starts to rip, like,
they be playing with, like,
partial take profits and shit like that
and then moving their stops to break even,
but, like, that shit's a little bit too advanced for, like,
you, like, get in and get the fuck out of here.
Yeah, I know.
That's what I gotta start doing
because that would have been a decent little fucking run right there.
Do you ever, have you ever seen something on here,
passed on it,
and then seen that bitch on, like, Phantom Hall or some shit?
Yes, many times, bro.
That's gotta be feeling a little bit upsetting.
Something's coming.
I can't believe we're down so much fucking bread.
I can't, because you made me get off the tech thing.
I, yeah, that was my fault.
We would, we would have made hella bands on that.
We would, we would be at break,
we would be at break even on that.
Actually, no, because we lost bread on that.
We would be a profit.
I wasn't trying to be a smartass
and act like I knew what the fuck I'm doing in here.
Fuck, yeah.
I just thought, did you see that Frenchie?
Oh my god, I should have picked.
I did, nah, you shouldn't have.
You should have aped.
Until you see that bitch literally hit right in the arm.
Some of these are so stupid, bro.
Hey, it's literally piss,
this is so rot, bro.
I got fucked on one of those streamed
so-something market cap coins.
That shit fucking drugged the actual piss out of me
back in the last meme coin run.
Oh, what?
You entered into some shit that's in, like, streaming too?
Some fucking bullshit, bro.
Some fucking bullshit.
Yeah, those are super overplayed now.
Yeah.
Today, like, that was the method.
Like, that one dude that was, like, streaming till 100 mil,
like, that shit was actually super lit on the first day.
If you caught the bottom of that, like,
hold the line, why don't you?
Make some bread.
I'm gone.
Oh my god, that was us, bro.
Fuck, yeah, it was.
Yeah, we lost money.
Wait, what?
Because slippage, bro.
Like, yeah, nobody's willing to buy that shit.
Wait, nah.
Hitler coin?
We put in fucking, um, five soul.
It came out 5.6.
I, yeah, it says that, but slippage brought us down.
Where?
On the chart.
You can literally see.
So, when we sold, when we, look, so, let me see the mouse.
We entered, like, right here on this candlestick close.
And that green candle was us.
Was us.
Red candle is also us.
And we ended up closing down here.
So, we lost.
Yeah, we're probably pissed.
Approximately 4%.
So, it's not super bad.
But still not.
I mean, look.
You gotta take those risks.
It looked like a good narrative in the.
A good narrative?
Is actually.
Wait, whoa.
We're still in the European squash foundation.
And that's where the soul has been going.
Hit Command-V for me.
Control-V.
I was like, oh, jeez, bro.
Oh, my God.
How did we not see that?
Go ahead.
You get, you get on something now.
Okay.
Yeah.
Let me try and have some shit.
What's our balance at?
Let me see what our back.
Let me see what our balance is at.
This is bad.
Wait, wait.
We made money.
I'm told you listen to me on the fucking Hitler coin.
Are you?
That was not from Hitler, bro.
Wait.
It came from somewhere.
Hey, no, it was the squash foundation one.
We were up for it.
What?
We made bread from that.
We made three soul.
That's right.
Probably more soul, actually, because Hitler put us down.
That's actually huge.
All right.
Let's let's lock in square Rito.
New, new, new Dorito shape.
That's got it.
That's huge.
God damn it.
I'm actually pissed that we fumbled that one.
Minecraft Doritos.
Fuck.
Oh, my.
Oh, my God, bro.
See, one second.
We're cheering over squash foundation, three soul, 13 million view.
Waffle.
Oh, bro, it's holding 200 dog with condom.
No, there's a lot of that going on right now.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's try and lock in here just for the triangle.
Fuck.
Yeah.
Give me in this bitch.
Hell, yeah.
Hell, sell that dead soul.
Death soul.
Not devs out.
That's out.
That's out.
Oh, hey, let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
What do we make?
What?
Yeah, we got 13 soul, 13 soul, 13 soul, 13 soul.
That was a let's fucking go.
Look, 130.
Oh, okay.
Wait, wait, wait.
Let me pull this bitch up.
Let me put this shit.
Let me, let me share this shit.
No way.
It automatically sends you this shit.
That's so lit.
Let me, um, that's hard.
This is a simple fucking lesson.
I'm going to learn right now.
Simple play every time.
If one of your dogs is at the rim, pass them the ball every once in a while.
Like, oh, eat.
Yeah.
Toss it off the backboard.
Once I'm all get back.
Oh, that was super fire.
Okay.
Wait, hold on.
I want to, I want to pull up our, our PNL stat sheet so we can flex on these guys.
Just Dick picks flying across the screen.
Yeah, I think, I think, um, well.
At the end of the day, Eric, we'll pop this shit up on the screen.
Okay.
But we invested $5 and we made eight.
So we, no, we didn't invest $5.
Chill, chill, chill, chill.
We invested five soul and we made eight soul on top of that.
So 13 soul, as we left the fucking building, bro.
Every now and then you got to pass your bro.
The fucking ball.
It's a simple fucking strategy.
That shit was so lit, bro.
13 soul.
That's a huge one.
All right, get me back in here.
Justice for the triangle.
Wait.
It's fuck bro.
We sold right here.
There's no reason to, yeah, get back.
Get tap, tap him and tap him in.
We, we know, we know the lesson, see, see, see the, see the narrative, the play, how
we saw the square Dorito and it's like justice for the triangle, dude.
See, we got to, we got to find, find those types of plays.
So dialed right now.
Stay on this bitch for another hour.
What the fuck?
Fuck this?
How boogie?
Come on, man.
There's a reason why we didn't buy your damn coin, bro.
Damn right.
Pray for Doritos.
I know.
Nah, nah, nah.
It looks good.
We already hit the Dorito.
We already hit a Dorito lick.
I can't believe we hit a three or not a three X close to a three X.
That shit was late.
Sure.
We got to steer clear of the Dorito donut.
New Krispy Kreme shape.
Wait, wait, easy, easy, easy, easy, easy.
We don't, we don't want to risk that.
Fuck.
Oh, okay.
Click, see, see, see, see a easy, easy, easy, four holders, five holders, four holders devs old.
What's happening?
Why isn't the chart moving?
Hello?
Three holders.
Oh, wait, let it cook.
That might be from us though.
Only three holders is literally just us.
Oh, hold, hold the line.
Hold the line.
Hold the line.
Hold the line.
Hold the line.
I'm out next candle.
Get up, get up, get up, get up, scroll, scroll, scroll.
See, fuck me now.
We can't even look at that shit, bro.
Yeah, no, we got to get off.
Okay.
So we made two soul from that exited with seven soul, 42% gain, 42% gain.
Get back in it, get back in it, get back in it.
Not, not in this, not in this, not in this, not in this.
That was lit.
That was like super easy play.
See, you're getting this shit.
Now you're super, you're really getting this shit now.
Wait.
Let's see what our balance is at.
Let me see what our balance is at.
Oh man.
That shit was so fire.
Yeah.
That was a good one.
We're up two soul.
No.
Yeah.
Look, 102.
We started with a hundred.
Bro, we just ran back.
Ran back bands, bro.
Nah, no wonder Orangey and all those people do this shit.
This shit is, this shit's so fucking easy.
We literally just ran back 12 racks.
Shit is so easy.
Yeah.
Get back in this bitch.
What the fuck?
We can't really do more than five soul, right?
Cause of how low.
Yeah.
I mean, so like what a lot of people do is they'll like do three soul, three soul, three,
three soul, whatever, like kind of stack the shit.
Um, but yeah, no, we should just do five soul.
We're kind of limited on cash too.
Boogie, pushback, pushback, boogie McDonald's burger could fucking cook square Mac.
No, no, no, no, no.
We've already hit too many squares.
We swear Dorito food plays.
We got to get off the food plays.
Yeah.
Let's find out what shit's washed.
Like trenches moves on from narrative super quick.
So like we cook that narrative Doritos crash course.
Okay.
Yeah.
So we can see that the Dorito shit is like firing right now.
Just as we're trying to square a read.
Hmm.
Yeah.
The iceberg shit.
There's, there's gotta be, I should have cooked that.
I showed up.
I got whenever it's cold feet though.
Like I know.
Yeah.
It's either you get in or you get.
I should have played that though.
I think I'm losing my voice already.
That shit was so fucking movie.
She was insane.
It's too good to be true.
Shout out Nova man.
I know Nova has been nasty.
That's crazy because on photon, I would not be getting these fills at all.
Like everything I told y'all was true.
I'm not tapped in with the meme coin shit.
I did tap in with the Melania piece, but bro, I was trying to.
I think it failed for 15 minutes.
Maybe my three X could have been like a, I don't know, 15 X if I would've fucking gotten
filled.
I'm at.
Yeah.
Imagine.
Imagine if we had, oh my fucking God, bro.
I would have literally made y'all use, use the fucking, we don't even have a link, right?
Nah, movie use fucking Nova though.
Use Nova.
We'll put it.
We'll put a link in the description.
We'll put a link in the description.
Shout out to Nova.
Shout.
Shout out orangey cause this is him and his boys shit.
He's been putting me on crazy game.
We're using his wallet tracker.
We're using now his trading bot.
We're advancing in the trenches and now clearly we're good.
Oh fuck.
Okay.
Hold the line.
Hope.
No, don't do that.
I'm not.
Oh, you didn't.
You didn't click on it.
Come on holders.
Moon bananas.
Joe bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro.
There's only, oh my God.
Somebody just sold a soul worth of that bitch and it didn't move.
Why?
Cause we put like 50 racks in there.
Yeah, it sucks.
Cause when nobody buys it, we, it doesn't even, yeah, bro.
The shit's fucking gone.
You might have to take it out.
I think we should just take the shit on the channel.
I'm going to be honest.
It's okay, bro.
Shin strap.
Wait, scroll.
Let's see what we lost on that.
I think we just lost fees.
She's just be fees.
Wait, we made money.
No, bro.
Nova might be a hack.
There's no, how do we check the, how do we check the total?
I can, I can wait.
Nova actually might be an infinite money glitch because there's no way, bro.
Nova actually might be insane.
Okay.
Nah, it's, it's at the same.
So we didn't even, yeah, we barely even lost on fees.
Yeah.
Well, now we didn't even lose on fees, but on photon, we would have lost like half a soul.
Yeah.
Half a soul.
Meanwhile, boogie just wants all the fucking attention, bro.
Whoa.
What was the coin that you bought recently?
Barbecue Fritos.
I'm in that bitch.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
Great play.
Hold, hold, hold.
I'm in that bitch.
Three holders.
Come on guys.
Fuck.
Nobody.
Oh dude.
It's cause the name is bad.
It's called best chips.
Oh fuck me.
That's a, I mean, bro.
Yeah.
Have sold.
They literally liquidated us for everything that we put in that bitch.
We're literally one of two holders right now.
Where's our buy?
Like it doesn't show us.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's probably just like in the middle of that dick size candle.
Nobody's entertaining that bitch.
Get out.
Yep.
Got to take that on the channel.
That's what we need.
Oh my God.
I didn't click.
Just kidding.
Imagine.
Okay.
We only lost 0.5 soul.
Okay.
Nova's actually like been, been protected.
Yeah, bro.
Cause bro, we haven't even gotten like raped once yet.
I know, which is pretty crazy.
Let me tap in.
Let me see.
Let me see if I can make some shit.
Shake.
Let's crank.
Let's crank.
Let's crank this bitch up.
Road AI.
Fuck dude.
I should've got in that bitch.
Miskif meme coin.
Fuck.
Did he already post about that?
Or is he probably just, oh my God, bro.
We got to find, we got to find the derivatives of that.
We got to find a derivative of the Miskif chip that the two, the two plays that we hit
were actually really fire.
No.
I think I just got in the wrong shit.
Fuck me.
I did.
I tried to get into the Disney fucking Chinese new year, bro.
I don't happen.
We got to just see.
Fuck me, bro.
I do not want to get into this dumb ass cash.
Yeah, bro.
We got to get it.
Sorry.
Sorry, bros.
Damn it, dude.
I, let me get a rerun on this one.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Now I get a rerun on this one.
What?
Did you click Buy, right?
As it shifted
up.
Yes.
I thought the chip was frozen.
I like that, but he hesitated.
My boo, bro.
Holy shit.
What?
China, finance.
Bro, that's the fucking thing.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, but that's the thing.
They were, they, when they lie about shit because they said Buynance's new mascot.
So, that's obviously a lie so it's not going to carry on.
That's what it was.
Fuck yeah.
Oops this nut will retire you
Oh my god
Four holders hold the line I think
That had to have been
Caused from us I think I fucked up on this
You scared me
I got too
I got too excited
Nah there's only five holders
They're holding the line though
The dead is holding the line
As long as he doesn't sell
This nut will retire you
Come on bro retire us
Retire us
I think we might actually make money on this
Let it go
That sitting around shit is like
Did we make money
Yeah bro .60
Yeah but they didn't give us like a plaque or anything
So you know
Damn sorry guys
Get rugged
Let me hit one more and then you get in this bitch
Lost bitch
Fuck I should have hit that bitch
It's so crazy how that works
It's not
It's not
It's not
It's insane
The shit just comes out
Like you literally gotta read it
And like be on top of it
That's why these gamers are so fucking good
It's cause they can read and they process like
The info into their eyes so fucking quick
And they can click so fast
And they just like
They got the gamer signals
Well what is that
Don't have cow man
Fuck
New baby capybara
Oh that test
Twelve holders
That was a cook
Test
That Van Gogh was a
Cooook
Oh my god
Should we aid
Fuck it
That was retarded
Horrible play
Welcome to the top tick world
Welcome to exit
Oh my god it's migrating
We didn't even get in
Oh I mean that's a good thing
That was
Wait no we did
We were literally the last transaction bro I think
No no that there's no way
Did it let us get in
God fucking damn it bro see that's what I'm saying
We would have been in down here
Bro
Bro
Bro
Bro
Bro
Bro
That's literally a
5x dude
That was the biggest that was the biggest fumble of the
Of the day by fucking far
I don't even
I don't even know if we were
What to think of that huh
We don't have
Let me close this
Let me see
Yeah so we're not
We're not in
Okay
I mean bro honestly for the better cause
Usually when it hits radium
That shit will tank real quick right
Yeah we might wanna maybe get a sniper no sniping
I'm not against that play at all
Bro
Bro
oh my god no way we fumbled that generational wealth play bro you were literally hovering over
it and i didn't click it i should have look cups he's buying every single thing of van gogh
oh my god everything is van gogh right now bro you oh my god bro oh my every new coin is about
van gogh are you gonna sniper game kodak that bitch let's see let's see let's see oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god you're excellent i'm in i'm in i'm in i got him right here i got
hey bull run bull run bull run go go go higher
fuck yeah yeah oh my god oh my god okay okay okay wait easy no this is gonna go crazy hold
the fucking line bro it's already at 150 something market cap we might be fucked let's let it let it
cook let it cook let it cook let it cook fuck me dude hold the line easy easy all these guys are
trying to get out their cheater bugs we're gonna g2 but we just have to cheat better than
insider soul
fucking scammer orgy i know i i know that was him god fucking damn it bro easy under 30k market cap
yeah we're chasing bro dip that's a striker we lost four soul dude dude we that's could have
bro that is literally a prime example on that shit next time you got
a god bro god damn it let me see let me see what we're at now on our wallet wait cups he's buying
this shit like 20 soul yeah nah that was a cowardly dog one look he's up bro he bought
this one 300 whatever oh my god fuck me bro the suit cupsy is milking these what what does
insider soul mean it just means
like they can tell like who's fucking they can tell like who's an insider so like if they see
somebody just stock up like super hefty okay prior to it migrating and then them selling like
it's kind of most of the time you'll only see like insider bought or insider sold um on like a
super dormant coin like let's say there's like a dormant ass coin and somebody buys like 10 soul
worth of it and it's only at like ten thousand dollar
market cap um i can't believe it and it's only at ten thousand dollar market cap and then like
a couple minutes later like somebody like pumps the chart up and then the then that person sells
it'll say like insider sold yeah bro take the reins for me i fucked up now we're down four
soul total we gotta get this shit back don't you worry king damn it bro that was the generational
wealth play oh my god i fucked with that area 50
one jump yeah bro you gotta get a new perspective for me because i'm lost in the van gogh shit i
seen that was fomo too the second that it migrated i know what are we doing what the
fuck is that i know same shit with tech deck bro with the second we see like we just gotta
hold the fucking line bro i think that's that's the next skill i think we're we're good at
identifying shit now because we know like what's what's good and what's bad i think with with these
guys like they're just
popping like the shit and just like they don't really care whether they get shit right or get
shit wrong also oh hold hold me how much should we make oh my god that was good no we got wait
where we got fucked we sold right when the devs sold too we lost how the fuck did we miss that
god damn it bro that was a good cook
i'm not fucking with that
it's okay it's okay yeah i think they're like the difference between us and like goaded
like trenchers is like they can kind of handle their emotions a little because like
this is different than my sort of trading my sort of trading even my sort of trading people
can't handle their emotions but this is like boom like i was fucking at that first ever ai
you might you should get in that where you scroll down scroll down scroll down get get in it get in
where is that yeah yeah get in it it's that 20k market cap get in
we call it tea
fuck me
I didn't
nah sure
okay okay
okay let it cook
let it cook
let it cook
we're up
we're up
we're up
dirty holders
yeah
oh wow
okay
we bought like
we were the devs
exit liquid
to be like heavy
we bought up there
nah nah
I don't think so
I think we bought like
literally at the dead
fucking bottom
I think Nova plugged us
we might want to get
the fuck out now though
so with it
let's scroll
scroll and see
what we made on that
hey we made
we made .5 soul
dub
dub
and then we sent
that bitch to the ground
see this is the
this is the funny part
like people
people won't get mad
at us doing shit
like this
where it's like
boom we're cooking
we're like
cooking up some shit
we launch the shit
and then it goes
just straight to the ground
afterwards
but the second
well maybe they'll
they'll get pissed
because we are posting it
on YouTube
but everyone just gets
so mad
whenever you sell
what's cupsy on
AB Antonio Brown
that's the thing
oh my god
cupsy is overpowered bro
don't even think about
sniping that shit
I'm not
I used to
wow
he got in with 10 soul
at 48
he's already in with
10 soul
bang goon
get in that bitch
you got to
you got to get in that bitch
for the culture
just see what that shit's on
fucking motion
let that shit cook
oh yeah
yeah
dead soul
hold hold
hold on
hold the line
hold the line
hold the line
hold the line
come on bro
10 holders
fuck
fuck it up
yeah
oh fuck
bang goon
bro
how did that shit
not play out
scroll up
wait wait wait
did we
what
scroll
did I not scroll it
yeah hit 100%
hit 100%
of that bitch again
oh wait
we made money
there's no
way
where
that's what I
fuck
well I mean
I think
cause I think you
entered twice
there was two
yeah there was
there's two buy orders
for bang goon
one of them
we made bread on
one of them
yeah
we made
.7 soul
yeah but this one
we lost
so we didn't
so we didn't lose
anything really
we lost .3 soul
fire
Korean pop
let's just go
fucking
yeah yeah
let's go back to back
back to back
and let's just speed run
this is literally
a back to back set
right now
this is super fun
sorry Eric
oh my god
Black Rob's ripping
might want to get in that
Black Rob
fuck
it's over
it's over
insider sold
sniper sold
that shit's rigged
for sure
yeah that was
creator of
sovereign
Vietnam
lock me in
on that piece
why don't you
are you in
yeah
I don't know why
I got in
I don't know
it looks like
it was like a dusty
profile picture
he looked old as shit
like it could have been
like legit
for maybe a second
oh
okay
some buys are flowing in
one person
yeah literally one person
with like
20 cents
for like
whoa whoa whoa
easy play
easy play
yeah
we're gonna have to
nuke this bitch
nuke
wait what
oh my god
poor guys
oh we made
bro we're getting rich
right now
what
okay wait
yeah yeah yeah
but
let me uh
let's see what
our wallet's at
wait no no
we've we've been
we're done
okay yeah
well I'm actually
not even sure
where all of that
rinse work came from
well no we have
a couple bad plays
look deep cook
the suit
Cubsy is
raping these guys
bro
okay tap in
tap in
back to back set
get out of here
buddy
attention seeking
should have got in
that deep seek
I'm gonna fucking
crash out
every time
I do that
I know bro
it ends up being
the next big
fucking thing
that's happened to me
multiple times bro
where I hesitate
and then I'm like
oh no it's too late
it's actually
never too late
that repo
makes my
yeah
Cubsy already
sold that bitch
though
fuck
we were literally
his exit liquidity
just hold the line
just in case
just in case
we get some
back-end
crashers
the suit Cubsy
literally made
two X off that bitch
he's definitely
farming these guys
it's a bad look
horrible look
I'm gonna
go
solid to soul
down the drain
back to back set
back to back set
let's just keep
this shit
going
he's aping
14 soul
bro
I mean we're doing
five so like
he's really nothing
to a guy like
us
you're so right
shout out Nova
yeah literally
without Nova
we wouldn't be
aping five soul
official Snoop Dogg
meme
it's probably
fake
I don't know
oh my
wick work
is this real
there's no way
it's gotta be fake
definitely fake
what price
okay
whoa
okay
Snoop
D-O-double-G
I would
I would run
with that bitch
you would
you get out
that bitch
or let it run
I was saying
get out
until fucking
two more holders
come
Snoop literally
pumped the chart
for us
we should probably
get out of this
I ain't feeling that
shit
fuck
we sold right
damn
tell me we missed
that
we made
we made
nice
okay
back to back
set
get in here
we should up
this bitch
to ten soul
just so we can
nah not there
not there
let me
let me
let me change it on
here
just so we can get
serious in this bitch
yeah
hundred and five soul
bet
portal
we're locked in
now shit can get
fucking
now we'll
now we're
on market
making
I'm gonna sell
fast now
well nah
that's not
that's not the thing
we kind of
well I don't really
know if I'm being
dead on this
I'm like
we really
we're we're
we're playing
with ten percent
of our account
we're putting ten
percent of our
account in
if not a little
bit less
or a little bit
more
monkey coin
with Kanye on
it is actually
insane
is that even
Kanye or is
that just
a JPEG
no that's
just a
jeez
all right
this is your
this is our
first first
ten soul long
so you gotta
you gotta cook
yeah I was
I was peeping
that NBA
no brains
association
I like that
me too
I kind of
fucked with
the narrative
I didn't move
though
yeah
on that bad
boy
this shit's
fun
oh my god
I hovered
over this
shit
damn it
instead of
going to the
casino
we should just
hop on
nah dude
this is really
good
this is super
lit
legal casino
oh my god
I mean
casinos are
Bob the Traitor
was gonna be
such a fucking
play too
Elon Musk
how is Snoop Dogg
migrating
there's no way
that's the same
one that I got in
there's don't
even click on that
shit bro
I'm actually pissed
I gotta get in
these trenches
more often bro
this should be like
a game to me
in my free time
type shit
like it already
is a game
but like I
wouldn't mind
having just my
hundred soul
and seeing what
I can make
out of this
bitch
because it
really is
fun bro
no I didn't
mean to
click on it
and then click
sell
on the right
hand side
no no no
not that
wait what the
fuck
were we already
this bitch
fuck bro
we might have
gotten
nah no way
yeah I lost
you like .07
soul
glad I didn't
put ten soul
in that bitch
it's cause I was
on the fucking
sideline for so
long
I think we just
gotta get in
this bitch
at this point
that's the problem
though like
you get
antsy
and then you
wanna get
into something
I'm not
antsy
I'm on some
chill shit
nah I'm
chasing
that's crazy
I fuck
ripping
it's at
45k
oh my
and it
that was
migrating
bro
we would've
been up
a 4x
if you
got in
that bitch
damn
it is
what it
is
don't chase
that shit
at least we
know we're
looking at
the right
shit here
right
yeah
it's just
about pulling
the fucking
trigger
nowadays
okay
hold the
line
holy shit
no no
no way
that was the
dev
that was the
dev
hold hold
fuck
oh
dude
that could've
been one of
those ones
for a second
there
it's wild
that much
soul
we gave
them
hella
fucking
motion
and they
fucking
that's a
wrap
see the
hit on
that one
damn
yeah we
lost three
soul on it
I think the
bag's gonna be
vanished but
then
yeah
it's not
too bad
let me
let me
try and
get
this
this can
be like
our last
our last
one
let's see
if we can
make some
shit
shake
should we
go heavier
on this
shit
you haven't
placed a
10 soul
trade yet
we'll do
10 soul
and then
both of us
will place
a 20 soul
so down
bet
oh my
god
oh my
god
damn
we only
made 10.6
soul on
that shit
that shit
went crazy
when we
got in
wait so
you
so we
made
oh no
no no
we made
we made
.6 soul
let's
let's up
let's up
this shit
shit
fucking
scared
sorry
sorry
not excited
nah I did
too
let's see
what our
shit's
sitting at
wait
whoa
damn
wait
how did
why did
our shit
get drained
we're down
to 81
soul
there's no
way
what fucked
us
I guess
we have
been
yeah
literally
since
the fucking
kind of
rinsed
a little
bit
okay
okay
let's
up this
let's
up this
to
20
oops
that's a
20 soul
entry
is gonna
be
crazy
bro
20 soul
entry
both of
us
have a
20 soul
back to
back set
try and
make
something
go crazy
bro
try and
make
something
go crazy
is it
over
is it
over
did you
enter
into that
shit
is it
over
did you
even
okay
yeah
oh wait
no no
no no
no no
how do
we make
it so
it doesn't
oh
oh wait
no
okay
no
no
no
I mean
like
kinda
sorta
I don't
know
what
the
damage
of
this
was
but
yeah
what
what
was
that
I don't
know
bro
it just
looked
in
AI
okay
oh my
god
we just
gave
the
dev
just
full
exit
liquid
to be
okay
okay
CTO
dev
got out
let's
see
four
holders
let's
see
if
this
bitch
can
go
come
on
come
on
cause
our
entry
is literally
the top
of that
candle
bro
damn
not
you
there's
no
no
positions
let me
see
is it
cause
we're
buying
with
20
soul
and
it's
literally
not
even
letting
us
get
in
that
bitch
nah
nah
nah
there's
no way
we should
ah
maybe
switch back
to 10
soul
maybe
15
yeah
we can
try
that
yeah
yeah
let's
let's
get
in
with
15
oh my
god
I just
fucking
sold
the bag
again
on
covert
I keep
bro
of course
of course
that's a good
look
what the fuck
it's okay
it's okay
don't
don't cry
over spilled
milk
you got
the shit
of course
covert
was a
great
look
it's not
for
we're
doing
too
much
in
your
you're
always
gonna be
just
looking
center
of
attention
shit's
lame
I'm
just
checking
it out
mark
lambo
fuck
you're
an
iphone
mode
you're
an
ape
no
no
no
this
might
actually
play
out
in
your
favor bro
nah
that had
to be
from
our
buy
that had
to be
from
our
buy
it's
definitely
from
our
buy
bro
that's
definitely
from
our
buy
we're
in
that
bitch
no
no
way
bro
yeah
we're
in
it
fuck
there's
only
10
holders
bro
they
gotta
start
moving
shit
I don't
know
about
this
one
mark
lambo
I don't
know
about
this
one
neither
do
I
scary
dev
we
entered
at
24,000
24k
market
cap
dev
hasn't
sold
yet
you
think
I
should
get
out
average
we're
up
right
now
like
10%
hold
the
fucking
line
I'm
very
finicky
me too
there's
11
holders
I
think
we
gotta
get
out
nobody's
entertaining
this
shit
nobody's
entertaining
wait
okay
we
bro
we
made
it
happen
we
are
you
fucking
kidding
you
just
made
10
soul
from
that
there's
no
way
positions
back
to
menu
wallets
wait
did
you
put
20
soul
in
nah
nah
nah
I
put
in
15
oh
we're
still
just
running
back
from
the
bullshit
then I
guess
oh
yeah
that's
definitely
what it
is
but
yeah
I
made
like
what
did
I
make
on
that
wait
wait
wait
there's
no
way
did
I
not
was
I
not
able
to
get
out
of
that
okay
nah
I
was
able
to
get
out
of
that
I'm
confused
is it
not
like
updating
or
some
shit
or
nah
nah
we
just
we
got
no
no
no
we're
chill
alright
that was
a goodbye
kind
of
I mean
yeah
I made
5
soul
it's
not
bad
but
on
15
soul
that's
only
like
30%
that's
actually
not
too
bad
low
key
with
the
nova
shit
if
you
come
in
heavy
like
people
will
just
ape
because
like
from
FOMO
I
fucked
with
him
yeah
yeah
fucked
with
him
okay
yeah
hold
the
line
9
holders
let's
see
if
it
goes
higher
25
yeah
I
played
a
simple
shit
sometimes
gotta
play
a
simple
shit
sometimes
there's
no
way
there's
no
way
that
nah
bro
we
had
to
get
beamed
on
slippage
on
here
there's
just
no
way
remaining
positions
we
don't
have
any
go
to
wallets
yeah
see
we're
getting
raped
on
site
I
see
what's
happening
now
raped
yeah
so
for the
folks
that
can't
see
this
shit
we're
entering
with
like
15
soul
and
because
we're
entering
with
15
soul
it
causes
the
market
to
just
go
berserk
but
then
when
we
exit
we're
obviously
the
largest
holders
so
we're
getting
okay
need
to
start
micro
clipping
that's
on
the
25
we
gotta
go
back
to
10
soul
too
I'm
telling
you
that's
the
number
10
soul
scale
this
bitch
bag
shit
reel it
in
reel it
in
reel it
in
bro
we're
like
two
good
calls
in a
row
right
there
though
honestly
nah
cause
we're
down
that's
just
cause
we
were
fucking
we
were
the
ones
that
caused
the
chart
to
move
up
like
31
black
looks
strong
where
where
it's
cooked
and all
damn
it
fuck
yeah
get in
that
bitch
twin
fuck
me
okay
that was
us
that was
us
if we
go any
higher
yes
oh
dude
fuck
yeah
average
buy
was
10k
market
cap
we're
at
15k
fuck
there's
only
five
holders
we're
gonna
get
fucked
on
the
slippage
how
the
fuck
are
we
getting
raped
like
this
bro
do
something
do
something
one
of
the
five
people
sold
and
that
bitch
makes
like
the
smallest
blip
on
the
chart
piece
of
mug
coin
is
going
down
right
now
god
damn
it
bro
can
people
buy
this
bitch
for
the
one
time
wait
no
we
lost
three
soul
alright
get in
this is
last
play
has to
be
last
play
we
gotta
go
out
with
a
bang
bro
fuck
okay
game
coach
seven
eight
holders
ten
holders
yeah
seventeen
holders
people
are going
in
with
like
baby
food
though
see
that's
the
thing
we're
the
ones
that
like
move
the
market
seventeen
holders
is
good
bump
though
i
don't
know
what
this
toad
play
is
though
it's
something
to
think
about
seven
they're
holding
strong
deb
might
get
impatient
though
deb
is
just
literally
has
his
shit
finger
on
the
trigger
just
like
us
yeah
we're
literally
face
off
right
now
in
the
wild
west
whoever
pulls
that
bitch
first
is
coming
out
with
some
bread
hover
over
the
hundred
hundred
just
in
case
damn
bro
we
gave
him
just
enough
to
sell
on
us
let's
see
what
you
fucking
did
for
us
poor
guys
that
were
holding
too
they
were
solid
that's
uh
like
oh yeah
cause of the
slippage
I'm always
thinking that
I'm like
on to
something
when I
see
that
damn
we're
down
30
soul
right
now
we
didn't
we
didn't
fucking
no
we
shouldn't
be
fuck
we
shouldn't
throw
the
towel
in
yeah
you
gotta
fucking
oh
good
fucking
catch
brother
hey
this is
gonna be
one of
those
ones
that
could
send
one
of
those
ai
ones
gotta
be
one
of
the
ai
ones
come
on
cup you
buy this
bitch
oh you're
cooked
fuck
you
bro
oh my
god
god
fucking
damn
it
dude
that
was
a
bad
one
fuck
yeah
get
in
there
brother
gotta
make
something
move
nowadays
can we
even get
in there
okay
that's
us
that's
us
that's
us
rug
work
dev
god
fucking
damn
it
bro
let
me
let
me
see
the
wallet
holy
god
damn
it
dude
what
just
happened
oh
my
god
okay
yeah
so we're
down
like
50
soul
now
try
and
do
something
makes
like
we
gotta
panic
we're
panicking
now
we gotta
not
towed
not
that
shit
get
something
quick
something
easy
something
that
you
just
know
is
gonna
rip
just
right
off
the
top
of
the
head
it's
like
simple
those
fucking
those
agent
oh
my
god
simple
shit
like
that
you
know
oh
those
agents
there's
no
bro
we're
the
only
holder
left
who
is
this
jackass
it's
the
dead
bro
we're
just
giving
you
gotta
get
out
of
that
bitch
fuck
man
one
more
run
bro
try
and
try
and
get
this
shit
back
for
us
god
we
can't
give
these
guys
so
much
leverage
they
be
holding
us
hostage
while
we're
in
ten
soul
deep
here
we
go
okay
okay
yeah
yeah
nine
holders
eleven
holders
twelve
thirteen
fuck
yeah
fuck
yeah
yeah
keep
it
keep
keep
holding
keep
holding
we
need
something
big
we
need
something
big
yes
dev
sold
fuck
em
fuck
em
fuck
em
bull run
please
please
please
please
please
please
please
no
it's
over
nah
nah
nah
we
gotta
make
a break
on this
one
thirty
six
holders
thirty
six
holders
forty
one
holders
I
wish
I
could
take
over
Cubs
wallet
and buy
this
shit
for
us
so
all
of
the
snipers
did
you
just
go
in
with
another
soul
just
to
fucking
show
them
what's
happening
this
shit's
gonna
fucking
rip
there's
no way
bro
people
already
lost
hope
I
made
5.8
did
you
so
yeah
oh
jeez
5.8
so
check the
wallet
amount
now
see if
we
walked
away
I
mean
there's
no
way
it's
gonna
be
hard
to
even
fuck
okay
okay
nah
we
lost
more
soul
we
only
lost
50
soul
let's
um
and of
course
Cupsy
hits
a
banger
Stanford
blockchain
accelerator
meanwhile
we're
buying
fucking
bullshit
bro
we
haven't
gotten
in
anything
that
hit
bro
those
food
ones
were
so
good
we
should
have
ended
that
shit
right
on
the
food
ones
I'm
not
gonna
lie
the
next
one
the
next
one's
the
one
bro
quadrant's
gonna
fucking
rip
whoa
oh
my
god
oh
it's
migrating
where
was our
average
entry
$47,000
market cap
we're
already
up a
2x
on
this
we're
already
up a
2x
on
this
I
wonder
what's
gonna
happen
dev
already
sold
to
some
people
have
9
racks
is
that
us
that
might
be
us
we
might
be
one
of
the
top
holders
keep
our
eyes
out
this
has
to
be
our
final
play
last
hope
imagine
this
bitch
cooks
though
cupsy
hasn't
even
been
able
to
sell
yet
I
like
that
we
got
in
this
bitch
with
cupsy
no
wonder
this
bitch
ran
that's
right
we
got
next
bro
come
on
baby
are
you
waiting
to
be
able
to
I
don't
know
we
gotta
see
what
type
of
flow
this
flow
state
we're
in
with
like
equals
no
we're
in
more
soul
than
he
he's
in
with
9
soul
we're
in
with
15
we're
up
2x
though
so
that
this
would
literally
make
us
15
okay
wait
now
we
need
this
to
go
way
higher
okay
fuck
me
bitch
ass
cupsy
bro
oh
my
god
everybody's
selling
give me
a bull
run
bro
cups
just
sold
get
the
cheats
out
oh
wow
that
raped
us
bro
that's
gotta
be
a
wrap
yeah
we're
at
40
soul
now
alright
let's
let's
let's
talk to
the
people
now
let's
break
down
kind
of
our
over
overall
opinions
experiences
on
on
the
meme
coin
shit
so
what
did
we
lose
15k
wait
we
actually
we
lost
15k
okay
so
stable
alright
bro
so
we
damn
that's
real
life
money
bro
that's
not
like
that's
that's
like
take
your
john
out
to
dinner
like
time
piece
trading
that's
that's
an
okay
well
let's
let's
wrap
this
shit
up
you
gotta
get
back
to
50
soul
bro
nah
bro
we've
been
recording
for
two
hours
alright
so
we
ended
up
losing
15
thousand
dollars
we
started
with
25k
so
at
least
we
didn't
lose
all
of
it
I
think
there
was
a
lot
of
learning
experiences
I
think
at
the
end
the
sweet
spot
is
five
soul
clearly
like
cause
slippage
just
fucks
you
if
you
go
any
higher
bro
we
made
some
good
plays
we
not
we
did
make
some
really
good
plays
and
we
were
up
I
mean
well
at
the
end
of
the
day
our
max
like
two
soul
yeah
it
was
two
soul
bro
we
hit
like
20k
in a
row
or
something
to
run
back
which
was
fire
like
15k
those
dorito
plays
were
yeah
exactly
like
we hit
a couple
crazy
we hit
that
those
back to
back
plays
the
food
plays
were
definitely
our
best
plays
possible
so
after
going
through
this
you
think
you'll
do
this
shit
ever
again
or
not
bro
to be
honest
like
losing
that
shit
was
like
really
even
though
it's
fucking
like
three
like
literally
fully
on
your
tab
super
devastating
to see
the
soul
just
start
trickling
out
the
wallet
but
boy
let me
tell
you
when
those
candles
are
green
if
you're
in
that
bitch
I'm
gonna
have
no
other
option
but
to
set
up
some
shit
on
Nova
tonight
yeah
shout out
Nova
fucking
trading
bot
if
we
weren't
if
we
were
better
traders
with
the
meme
coin
shit
we
would
be
able
to
cook
but
they
I
mean
shit
they
helped
us
avoid
probably
way
more
losses
than
we
would
have
had
in
the
first
place
yeah
if
we
were
trying
to
do
that
shit
anywhere
else
I
don't
even
know
what
could
have
came
out
of
that
shit
alright
well
guys
I
appreciate
y'all
if
you
guys
want
to
use
Nova
the
little
chrome
extension
that
we
were
using
on
Photon
we'll
leave a
little
link
down
in
the
description
shout
out
to
Orangey
for
putting
me
on
to
all
of
this
game
I
don't
have
fucking
code
with
Nova
it
was
just
a
super
useful
tool
for
this
fun
ass
video
that
we
had
planned
so
with
that
being
said
I
love
and
appreciate
you
guys
I'll
catch
you
guys
in
the
next
one
peace
out
bros


==============================
VIDEO 054 — The 3 Step A+ Scalping Strategy (That Actually Works)-cVgq9op8hnw
==============================

This three-step strategy consistently gives me days like this, this, and this, and I'm about to
show you exactly how. Now, I've been trading for nine years, and in that time, I've tested hundreds
of complicated strategies, and this is hands down the best strategy I've ever found, which is why I
named it the A-plus strategy. And in this video, I'm going to teach you the full strategy and do
a one-month back test to prove to you that it works. So you've seen my results, but the real
question is, how can you do it too? And that is the goal, for you to be able to walk away from this
video and make consistent profits as a trader with less than 90 minutes of work per day. And you're
going to do this in three simple steps. Number one, we're going to identify our key levels.
Number two, we're going to confirm the market direction. And number three is how we find our
entries. Let's hop on a chart to get right into step number one. First, you're going to get to
your desk right at 9.30 a.m. Eastern Time, also known as New York Time, and you use the same time
for any market. And you're going to get to your desk right at 9.30 a.m. Eastern Time, also known as
This works in futures, stocks, crypto, and forex. When it comes to this strategy, there are two ways
you can execute depending on the market condition that you're trading in. This is very important to
avoid losing trades. Now we'll get back to that later, but for now, we want to start out on our
five-minute chart. So to do this, you're going to be on trading view and you're going to click
this five-minute button up here. This means that each candle you see represents five minutes worth
of price action. We're going to mark our first set of levels by marking out the high
the low of this first five-minute candle that begins at 9.30 a.m. EST and ends at 9.35. And
that's literally it. This candle is all you need to find consistent winning trades because this
level appears every single trading day. And the reason that we use this first five-minute candle
is because it has the highest amount of volume of any candle over the entire trading day. This means
the high is where selling pressure was the strongest, and then at the low, the buying
pressure was the strongest. And this is important. Now we're going to come back to this in just a
second. But first, guys, I want you to ask yourself a very important question. When you find something
that works and is proven, do you actually stick with it long enough to see results? Or are you one
of the traders who jumps from strategy to strategy? Because if you are, you will never become
profitable because consistency is what separates profitable traders from everyone else. So right
now, I want you to comment and make a commitment to stay consistent with this strategy. Otherwise,
you may as well leave the video right now. Now that we got that out of the way, and those of you
who are still here are committed to taking this seriously, let's hop into step number two, which
is confirming the market's direction. Now to do this, we're going to need to switch to our one
minute chart, which you're going to do by going up here and clicking on this one minute button.
Now, each candle you see represents one minute's time worth of price action. Now, when we wait for
this break, it may seem really simple, right? You just want to wait for the market to break outside
the fair value gap. But that is not what we're looking for. Now, for those of you who don't know
what a fair value gap is, it's just this gap whenever a middle candle moves really aggressive
and it leaves a gap between the candle before its wick and the candle after its wick. Now,
you may have seen this strategy before where we use this fair value gap for an entry. And while
this does work, you risk a lot of losing streaks. And the strategy that I'm about to show you today
is much more powerful. I've spent a ton of time testing this, and I'm very excited to go over the
back test with you guys later in the video. So let's get started.
To be clear, guys, the fair value gap does matter, but it's not enough to confirm our entry. All this
does is confirms the market direction. Now, for this to confirm the direction, we need at least
one of the three candles involved in the creation of the fair value gap to close either outside the
high or outside the low. Now, the reason this is important is because we've identified that the
most amount of selling pressure happened at the high and the most amount of buying pressure
happened at the low. So if we are breaking through this level,
the market is going to be pushed higher because buyers are in control. This brings us into step
number three, which is how we find our trade entry. And there are two types of entries for
this strategy, depending on what condition the market is in. And we're going to talk about how
to figure that out later. But for now, let's focus on entry method number one, which I like
to call the confirmation entry. Now, this is extremely simple. And once this fair value gap
pattern is done, we are going to have a fair value gap pattern. And I'm going to show you
a couple of things that you can do to figure this out. So first of all, you have to have at least
one of these three candles closing outside the range. The gap itself does not have to happen
through the range, but at least one of the three candles in the fair value gap pattern has to close
beyond either the high or the low. Once you have that happen, what you're going to wait for
is a retest candle. Now, what is a retest candle? Well, as you can see, the market has came back
down and retested this level. But this alone is not enough to confirm an entry. So what we're
we need to show that this fair value gap is going to hold. So at this time, what we're going to wait
for is a very simple but powerful pattern. And what we're looking for is an engulfing of the
retest candle. So what does that mean? Well, if we zoom in on this candle right here, we can see
that this candle's body was fully engulfed by this up-close candle. So we can see that buyers
stepped in and took back control, confirming that we are likely to move higher. So at this time,
we are good to look for our entry. Now, to do this, what you're going to do is go over here to
the left on trading view, and you're going to click the long position. If it's a buy, if it was a
short, which I'm going to show you bearish examples in a second, along with the other
entry model, you would click short if we're going through the lows. But for now, we'll click long
position because we are looking for a buy since we broke the high. Now, your trade entry is very
simple. It's just as soon as that engulfing candle closes, then we're going to put our
one tick below the low of this retest candle. And for the target, we're going to go for a fixed
three to one risk to reward, also known as three R. Now, what this means is you're going to take
this box right here and you're going to extend it until it says that your risk to reward ratio is
three. This means that on a winning trade, we'll make three times as much profit as we would lose
when we're wrong. And this helps us stay profitable in the long term. So at this time,
you're good to enter the trade and you're going to take your stop
loss and put it down one tick below that retest candle. And you're going to take your take profit
order or your target and put it at that three to one fixed risk to reward. Now, this saves you
from being confused, trying to pick the perfect exit of the market. It's just the same every
single time. And as you can see, we've got $250 at risk to make $750. And now your work is done.
It's literally that simple. And one of my favorite things about this strategy is how
the take profit hits. As you can see in this specific trade, we only had to wait about six
minutes for the take profit to hit. And in that six minutes, we made $750 trading one Nasdaq
contract. The high win rate, high risk to reward nature of this strategy makes it perfect for prop
firms. If you want to get an 80% off discount, you can use code Casper at the link to Apex in my
description. Now you've seen how the first entry model works. However,
we don't yet have everything you need to trade this correctly. You still need to see how this
executes in different market conditions to understand this second entry strategy. So
let's walk through some recent trade examples over the last week. That way you can see exactly how
powerful the strategy is and know how to determine which market conditions and which entry model you
should use. And then we'll see how it performed over the whole month to prove to you that it
works. So here we are at 9 30 AM, and we've got the high and the low.
The first five minute candle marked out. Now, as you can see here, we've got our break. So it's
time to check for a fair value gap. And to be clear, guys, small fair value gaps count as well.
So now we're going to wait to get our confirmation and we want to see the market trade back into this
fair value gap and then do what we want to see the market engulf. Now notice right here, the very
next candle's body engulfed this up close candle. This means that it closed or the square part of the
candle completely.
The up candle. So at this time, you're good to enter the trade and you want to put your stop loss
one tick above this retest candle. Then for our target, we've got a fixed three to one. So you're
good to enter the trade, move your stops and your target, and then sit back and let the market do
the work for you. As you can see, we've got $645 at risk to make $1,900 in profit. And this trade
goes to the target pretty quickly as well. It took about seven minutes in total. This brings
our profit to $2,665 and less than a half hour's work. And this brings us to entry model number two,
which is how we're going to trade expanding markets. Ask yourself this question. If you
were able to hold on to your biggest winners, what would your trading look like? Now I know
for me, whenever I was trying to become a profitable trader, one of the biggest problems I
had was that I wouldn't be able to hold on to my winning trades, whether it was that I was closing
them too early, or they would hit my target and then run without me.
But learning how to properly hold on to my big winners and expect when the market was going to
make big moves, that was one of the biggest turning points in my trading career. So I'm
really excited to break this one down for you guys. So we still go to the one minute chart,
just like usual to look for our break. And now we would wait to see if we get a fair value gap
out of the range. And as you can see, we get one right here. Now I know you're probably wondering,
how do we know when the markets are expanding? And I'm going to tell you in just a second,
but first we need to go over the entry. So we would still wait to see when the
market comes back down. Now, this is one of the hard parts of the strategy is when the markets
are expanding. Sometimes you get scared, like the market's going to run away without you,
but you have to stay patient and understand that your edge is going to rely on you being
disciplined. And the people who are patient in the markets are those who get rewarded.
Always remember that now, while everybody is chasing the market, you're going to be patiently
waiting for your entry. And once the market gives you this same pattern, that retest candle getting
engulfed, we're going to enter, but we're going to do things a little differently with our stop
and our take profit. Now, instead of placing the stop loss one tick under the retest candle,
we're going to place it under the gap candle in the fair value gap. So whatever candle created
the gap. Now this is where it gets pretty interesting for our target. We're just going
to let it run, but we're going to do this mechanically. Let me explain. Now I may have
exaggerated a little bit because you're still going to mark three to one risk to reward.
But you're not just going to take profits at this level. And what you're going to use this as,
as a trigger, because once the market passes this level, now you can see in this market,
we got a really big move. So at this time, you're not just going to take profits, but as
soon as the market passes through that three to one risk to reward, you're going to take your
stop loss and you're going to trail it up just below each one minute candle. So at this time,
you'd wait for the next candle to print. You're then going to take your stop loss and you're going
to put it up one below.
Now, I know you're probably thinking, why are we moving our stop loss and not taking profit? Well,
in this entry, your stop loss is your take profit because you want to see just how far the market
can run. So you've got your stops placed under this candle. You want to see what happens with
the next candle. And then you have to move your stops up again. Now I want to see what happens
with the next candle. We're going to move our stops up again. Now what happens with the next candle?
Okay. Well we got stopped out now. That's totally fine because look how much extra profit we got on
that trade. This single trade made us almost $5,000 when originally it would have only made
us about 1900. Now you see exactly how powerful this is. So how do you determine when the markets
are going to expand and when they're not? Now, there are two ways to identify expanding markets.
The first of which you're going to go to forexfactory.com and it's going to bring
you to this page. Then click this button and make sure that you only have USD selected. Now, what
this is is the economic calendar. So it's going to show you all of the different news events that
are going to affect the market. Now, what we want to focus on is the red folder news, which means
that it has the highest expected impact on the market. We're going to remove and uncheck these
other three boxes. And then what we want to see is red folder news on the day that we are looking
for an expanded market. Because anytime we have red folder news, we know that the market is likely
going to make a big impact. And that's what we're going to focus on. So let's go ahead and
click on the red folder news. And then we're going to click on the red folder news. Now, the second
way we're going to do this is by using the chart. And to do this, we're going to go all the way to
the daily timeframe. And don't worry, we don't have to do a bunch of analysis. All you're going
to do is go to indicators and you're going to type in the average true range. What this average
true range shows is the average size of each daily candle or whatever timeframe that you're
looking at. Now, if we know that the average candle is getting bigger in size, meaning that
each day is increasing in size and its range, well, then we know that the market's likely to
keep expanding. And look how well this works. As this was dropping when you see right here,
look what the market was doing. It was just consolidating. We're getting a lot of chop.
However, once the average terrain starts to increase, we can see that we get these
big range days. Now, this is where we want to be able to let our winners run.
So what you want to see is an average true range being increasing for more than three
days before you call an expanding market. Now let's take a look at how this strategy
performed over the last month. And before I show you just how powerful the strategy is to be clear,
yes, it's awesome. But only if you're able to stay consistent because chances are you've had
many great strategies, but you're still not a profitable trader. And the reason that I know
this is because I used to be in the exact same boat, which is why now I mentor traders to help
them avoid all of the losses and wasted time that I had to go through. I do this by trading live
with my traders, sharing my.
Screen and my executions. Every single trade that my traders take is reviewed. They get access
to our proprietary software and direct access to me for anything they need. And if you haven't
guessed already, this is not just your average trading discord. And because of this, I'm so
confident in my system that I will literally personally trade with you until you're a funded
trader. If you apply what I tell you to do, and it still doesn't work now due to this being a
direct mentorship that is very intensive. I do limit availability. So I'll leave a link at the
description of this video. And if it does not work, then that means the slots are taken. But if
it does work, then that means there are still slots for this enrollment. It'll be the link
that's right beside the word mentorship. Now let's hop into the back test because this is crazy.
All right guys. So quick disclaimer before we look at the back testing results. So we put the
strategy to the test. Let's see how it performed. As you can see right here, we had a P and L of
$10,950 over a total of 17 trades with a win rate of 70.5%.
Now the max drawdown on this strategy was only $1,300, which makes it perfect for trading prop
firms like apex. Again, I have a code down in the description that can get you a discount. If
this video is helpful to you, make sure to subscribe to the channel because I post videos
every single week. And also somewhere on your screen, you'll see a button that you can click
to watch my free course that teaches you literally everything that you need in order to win at
trading this year. Now, remember guys, trading is not easy and it takes time to get good at,
but after the process, it definitely can change your life. So make sure to stay consistent guys,
use this simple strategy day in and day out, and I'm rooting for each one of you guys to win.
I'll see you in the next one.


==============================
VIDEO 055 — The 3 Step A+ Supply & Demand Strategy (That Actually Works)-nkMzaQqpFbw
==============================

This three-step supply and demand trading strategy is the foundation behind all of these RINs.
If you can consistently buy from demand and sell from supply, your trading account is going to thank you.
I've been using these concepts for 16 years to help create a better life for my family and one I still can't believe that I'm living.
So today, I'm giving you the way that I consistently hit A-plus setups in three simple steps,
and I'll even show you live trades that I've won using supply and demand to prove that it works.
Now, I don't promise or guarantee any future results, but I do hope this can help you in your trading journey.
So smash that like button, subscribe to the channel, and let's pop up the charts.
First, let's take a look at my 121 trade backtest.
It has a 79% win rate at P&L of over 2,100%.
Obviously, real trading is harder than backtesting, which is why I'll show you real trades later in the video.
And I also had...
I had this real live trade using the concepts just this morning.
Now, as for what you can trade, supply and demand can be used on Forex, any crypto, futures, gold.
And when should you trade it?
Well, you could trade it in any of these sessions right here, but I prefer the London and New York.
So now, let's get into the strategy with step one.
For step one, we need to identify an area of institutional demand.
This can be on any time frame.
For this example, I'm on the H1 chart.
And before we start, you should know supply and demand can...
And should be used within every trading strategy, whether you're using SMC, whether you're using smart money concepts or open range breakouts.
This will help you.
So, let's play this chart out here and let me show you what I see.
We get 1, 2, 3, 4 big green candles in a row.
Now, in order to move from here all the way up here, it's over 60 pips.
This would take about a billion dollars, which means we have institutional demand.
Retail traders like you...
You and I can't move the price like this.
So, what we do is draw a demand zone and we draw that on the candle body before the big push up.
Because we had this huge impulsive move up, we know now that the banks and institutions and hedge funds like this level right here because they're the ones that pushed up the price, which gives us an obvious area of interest.
Now, the reason I draw the demand zone just on the body right here is because this is where the majority of...
The trading volume occurred during that candle.
This just gives us a cleaner, tighter zone where those institutions actually accumulated their positions.
It also keeps the zone smaller when we have a big candle like this one.
Now, if I had a smaller candle, something like this one right here, I will use wick to wick.
Or if I have multiple small candles like this, I may just group them up together as the demand zone because I don't like missing trades.
The next thing we're looking for is a fair value.
The next thing we're looking for is a fair value.
The next thing we're looking for is a fair value.
The next thing we're looking for is a fair value.
The next thing we're looking for is a fair value.
Gap, which is exactly what we get here.
We're using this for trend confirmation and momentum.
You can see this candle right here and this candle right here do not cover this candle, creating a level of imbalance.
And the third thing we want to look for is a confluence stack.
So if we scroll out a little bit and we pull our demand zone over, we can look to see if this was a level used in the past.
You can see right here and right here.
our level was recently used as a resistance. So we can expect this level may be used as a support
in the future, giving us an overlap and a stack of confluences. Not only is this point of interest
a demand, but it's also now a support. Now, before we get into the next step, I want you to go to the
comments and tell me what you want to accomplish from trading in the next three months. I'll give
my favorite three comments free access to my VIP room. For step two, we need trend confirmation.
When you're trading supply and demand, you want to trade with the trend. So the first thing we're
going to do, we're just going to scroll out a little bit on the time frame we're actually on.
And let's just mark out our swing low, our swing high, our swing low, our swing high, our swing low,
and then our swing high. By doing this, you can easily see here that we are currently
in an uptrend. We can map this out further by adding breaks of structure. We have a break of
structure here, and we have a break of structure here. Basically, all that is, is when you have
the swing high getting taken out by higher price and a swing high being taken out by higher price,
we can expect market continuity. Another way of doing this for beginners is to use an EMA.
So just come to indicators, select moving average exponential, and you could see if the price is
up.
Above that EMA and creating a big gap off of that EMA, then we have that trend confirmation.
Now, if the price is just crossing up and down, up and down, above and below that moving average
and not creating separation, we can avoid the trade. And lastly, we could come to a higher
time frame. Like let's go to the four hour time frame and we could scroll out further and we could
do the same thing. Swing low, swing high, swing low, and then we're making a
new swing high, right? So on this higher time frame, again, we are in that upward trajectory.
Now, if you get stuck at any point in the video, please leave a comment. I'll help you out or
rewind the video and smash the like button while you're at it. Now it's time we start having fun.
It's step three entry conditions. Let's do some trading. So let's play this chart out a little
bit right here as we wait for price to get to our zone. You could see right here, price never came
to our zone. So that's a good sign. So let's do some trading. So let's do some trading. So let's do
some trading. So let's do some trading. So let's do some trading. So let's do some trading. So that's
not a trade. Now, one of the first things we're looking for is slow momentum, right? This right
here is slow momentum, right? We don't want to see this over here. Look over here. You don't want
to see that big red candle coming down to your zone. No, no, no. That's not good. You want to
see a slow in momentum. That means, look, there's some green candles in here as well as we're slowly
coming down. If it's just one big candle, you're not going to be able to catch that. You're going
your trade the next thing we're looking for is the candle to close in the zone or wick into the zone
we do not want the candle to close beneath the zone if it does the trade is invalidated now once
we're closed into the zone on this candle and then we get the positive green candle right here we can
enter our trade right here on that candle your stop loss you can put it tight to the zone or in
this case look there's a wick over here you can put it beneath that wick and that's also beneath
the ema right here so that's a pretty good level for your stop loss and then for your take profit
you're going to want to pull that up a lot of people just go one to one nothing wrong with that
on this one i'm going to target some recent price so let's go something like 1.5 because the price
was just at this level right here and then we can play that trade out get the reaction to our zone
and smash our take prop and that is truly
all three steps but in order to truly master supply and demand i'm gonna give you my six keys
to get valid demand zones and avoid losing trades but before we do that let's scroll out here and
let's play this chart out and see you know pat you're just cherry picking this doesn't work
right you're just picking one trade now do you spot another demand zone look right here that's
a demand zone why one two three big candles in a row we have the fair value gap right
right here so what happens does price come to that area let's see let's play it out there it does
wicks into the zone enter a long position right there target recent price stop loss below the
zone 1.4 play it out smash it take profit perfectly what just happened right there
a winning trade and what do we see another level of demand right one two three four five green
candles in a row fair value gap right here fair value gap right here break of structure here
let's play it out boom enters the zone where do we take the trade we go long on the green candle
right there we waited for the positive reaction stop loss below the demand target recent price
here let's play it out smash the take profit very very nice do i need to keep doing this is it
possible to keep doing this it is
possible look another level of demand right here now we have the big red candles here so we have
to be cautious but look another fair value gap here another fair value gap here so what do we
need to see we need to see a green candle right that's not enough we need a green candle there's
a green candle it's a bit big but we could enter off of that right there for this one we can't do
a great stop loss but we could still target 1.5 let's play that position out how does it go comes
back noxious
out we lose the trade sometimes you lose trades that's part of trading now let's go through my
six keys to make sure that you avoid losses like these the first key is untested zone you can see
here price doesn't test the zone and then it comes into that area and shoots all the way up
that's what you want to see same thing right here look that's when the zone is used right
this is now a used zone so when price comes back to that level right there look it doesn't
hold it doesn't hold it breaks through why because it was already used you only use that demand zone
when it's fresh key two close or wick the price wicking like this is good if we pull the demand
zone up a little bit this is also still good price wicking below closing inside the zone
no problem but if the price closes below like this it is invalid we're not using it number three
the confluence stack so on this trade we have price approaching our es
ma which acts as a level of support if we drag our demand zone over here you could see this level
was used as resistance multiple times now making it support and having those two extra confluences
gives us the strength to have that trade go in our direction aggressively for the lowest demand
look as price pushes up here we actually create multiple demand zones we have a demand zone right
here from that big push up we've got a demand zone right here we've got a demand zone right
here we've got a demand zone right here we've got a demand zone right here we've got a demand zone
here from this big push up and what i want you to know is the lowest demand is always the strongest
demand this demand didn't hold this demand held perfectly five discounted price in order to get
the discounted price just mark up the swing low the swing high the swing low the swing high
and you want to click over here on the left hand side to your fib retracement measure from the
bottom of the swing low to the top of the swing low and over and just make sure that your entry all
the swing low to the top of the swing low and over and just make sure that your entry all
comes below 50 so on this demand zone right here we are below 50 so that's a good trade
and price smashes the take profit and lastly six break of structure so let's just return to the
last chart look swing low swing high swing low swing high swing low swing high and what do we
want to see we want to see break of structure every single time that just means this
high is being taken out by the next high which is being taken out by the next high and you can see
this example right here you can see what happens we do not get a break of structure of this high
so what do you think is going to happen price is not going to hold it's a bad demand zone
smashes your stop loss make sure you get that break of structure now let's do some trading so
i can prove supply and demand really works now let's say you got on the computer around 9 a.m
let's do a supply and demand trading day together
so we are watching price break up what do you see do you see a demand zone
absolutely demand zone number one we've got our ema on our chart right here we're looking for buys
all right let's continue to play this out what happens here do we get the price come
to the zone no do we create a new demand zone yes we do on this body right here we have a
new demand zone kind of small so i'll increase it a little bit like this we have our fair
value gain here we have a new demand zone kind of small so i'll increase it a little bit like this we have our fair value gain
gap right there let's continue to play it out boom we get the candle closure inside of our zone
and we got a green candle right there that we could enter off of let's target
the range here let's put our stop loss where below this level right let's put the stop loss
right there we could target 1.83 risk reward on this it's a fresh zone we had some green candles
in here so momentum was slow enough okay so we set up our buy order right there let's pull our take
profit all the way up here for about a thousand dollars and then we can slowly play out this
position very very nice smashing my take profit and i promise i haven't even looked at this chart
okay so now we won the trade we have to look for our next setup so let's take this demand
off we're not using that demand let's take our trade off and let's find a new demand what do
we have right here that's another demand right where we won the trade we've got our fair value
gap right there juicy juicy this price didn't tap into the demand yet so that is still a valid
demand and we're waiting for price to come down to that level of demand right there so let's
continue to play this out you can see here we did not tap our zone yet we're still waiting for
price to come back to our zone and that is the entry right there you can see we wicked off of
this level right here so this is where we're going to set our buy order i want you to come
to indicators this time we're going to use a trailing stop indicator right here just click
on the top one there click on settings for time frame i'm setting it to five minutes because i'm
trading on the five minute time frame and we're going to trail our stop on this position so you
can see the trade is pushing up right we're already at 474 757 dollars let's zoom in and
watch this thing closely right what's happening right now price is pushing up we're not gonna exit
the trade but we're not gonna close until the price comes below the trailing stop you can see
right here we wick the trailing stop but we're not gonna close until price closes beneath the pink
line so we're just playing this pink line now because of that look we're up 1300 prices
continuing to move in our direction up 1500 1500 1700 up 2000 now we're really getting somewhere
right now and then we wicked and then finally we're going to come back to the trailing stop
we closed. So at this point, we have closed this candle beneath the pink line. That's where we're
going to exit our trade. So that's a take profit of $1,428. Now I'm going to show you one more
trade I took live on stream in front of thousands of my students. Now, before I show you the live
trade, if you're looking for a place to trade, I recommend the triple AFX brokerage. This is the
broker I'm trading with every single day. The spreads are low, the commissions are low, and the
link is in the video description. So click that now and trade where I trade. Let's continue.
So as the market played out, we had a bunch of demand zones that morning live on stream. We had
our demand zone right here, the first demand zone, another demand zone right here, and another
demand zone right here. So I'm just waiting to see if any of these are going to hold. What type
of reaction do I get? Look, that one doesn't hold.
That one doesn't hold. So easy. Those are gone, right? Really simple. And then we do have another
demand zone right here. Now you can see it kind of looks like we tapped here, but on the live chart,
it did not tap, okay? So the next thing I was doing was marking up my range for the day. So at
9.30 a.m. Eastern, I was setting up my range high and my range low, okay? This is something I do
every single day live on stream. This is my opening range break.
I look at the first three five-minute candles of the day. They set the range. You could see the
bottom wick and the top wick. That sets the range. And then I just want to see the price break and
close out the top or the bottom. You could see it broke out the top. That's my confirmation
that I want to buy. Again, this is a live trade I took in front of thousands of people. Then we're
waiting for price to come back, right? Come back to that demand zone. That's the demand zone we
want to enter.
The trade in. We don't want to catch these huge red candles. So I'm waiting for the tap in. I
didn't enter right away. I waited for the tap in. Then I waited for positive momentum. Then I
entered my trading position at this level right here. I targeted around $1,300 on the trade. I
had my stop loss down below the demand zone right here. And my take profit, I was watching this
trade live, right? So I was kind of just watching how this trade was going to play out. And it did
quickly go in my trade. So I'm waiting for the trade to come back. I'm waiting for the trade to
go in my direction with some huge candles. Too much applause, obviously, in the stream room. We
tapped back at the entry level again before continuing to push up. Obviously, this trade
worked out in my favor fantastically. As you could see, continuing to push up, inevitably
coming all the way up and smashing my take profit right about there. All thanks to supply and demand.
Now, if you want some trades from me,
trading room or my VIP trading room, links to both of those are in the description. Please
like the video if you got this far. Watch this video right here or definitely watch
this video right here. And I'll be back next week. Much love.


==============================
VIDEO 056 — The 3-Step A+ ICT Strategy (that actually works)-Wqzz0sklMMA
==============================

this three-step ict strategy made me two and a half million dollars in one payout but not only
that it made me over a million dollars in 218 other payouts so it's safe to say this strategy
works i've been trading for 14 years and tested hundreds of strategies but none have worked as
well as this one which is why i call it my a plus strategy now let's hop right into step one most
traders fail before they even get started because they're so confused on where the market really
wants to go so let me explain step number one is finding the target or you might have heard other
people say finding the draw on liquidity now this can be a very simple straightforward process
and for me it's very important to understand the difference between internal versus external range
liquidity now what actually is internal versus external range liquidity so when we look at a
price chart we might have you know an old swing low and then a swing high here so these points
here this point here and then this point here creates external range liquidity because they
are the most extreme points of this specific range now every point
inside of here is internal range liquidity so as this market is trending higher you can see that
each high that it creates creates a new point of external range liquidity and each low that it
creates is creating internal range liquidity now the importance in understanding where we are inside
of a specific range is because i normally only target external range liquidity and the problem
with trying to target internal range liquidity let's say if this market is trading higher and
you want to counter trend and try and target internal range liquidity well let's say you're
maybe waiting for a month
market structure shift on a lower time frame the problem is there can be many different points of
internal range liquidity that you're trying to target and not all of them can be very clear on
where they're going to go so maybe for example if we scroll over here we might have three fair
value gaps inside of this one price leg okay there might be some other information in here
and it really makes it hard to find the proper target so if you got short here and let's say
your target's all the way down here at this lower fair value gap maybe it never gets there and when
we're that way depending on how we're sinking we do
pick up enough internal range liquidity for it to roll over now if there's multiple fair value gaps
in here or there's multiple levels that you're looking at maybe there's multiple order blocks
or breakers we don't necessarily know if we can target that level as a counter trend but if we're
trading short and we're mainly short biased it becomes very easy to put your take profit at an
old low and anticipate that is going to run that old low out so if you're having a hard time picking
targets and you're trying to counter trend trade and the trades are going in your favor but they
turn around and stop you out it's because you're not picking the right targets and when i'm trying
to find targets i am mainly looking for external range liquidity because more often than not it is
going to go to my take profit level you know i don't have to worry about all the different
variables that go into finding an internal range liquidity target when i'm targeting an old low
right let's say if this thing starts retracing higher i know exactly where my take profit's
going to go all right and i'm just anticipating when this market is going to roll
over maybe print that lower high and then trade lower so usually when i sit down and i'm trying to
find a target i am always looking for that external range liquidity now you can confirm this or not but
usually when i'm trying to target internal range liquidity i am just not as confident in holding
my trade so every little movement that goes against me i start questioning because i don't
really know if it's going to trade to the fair value gap that i'm targeting inside of the range
i don't really know if it's going to turn around at the first fair value gap when i'm targeting
an old low or old high i know that i can sit in that trade longer and be
confident that at some point it is going to go trade to that level now an easy way to actually
find a target are levels that just seem very obvious where the market wants to go and what
i'm looking for in the markets are usually a pooling of liquidity so we might have equal highs
or we might have equal lows and when i see a pool of liquidity maybe this is at a previous daily high
or maybe at a previous daily low it gives me confidence when this market trades lower and if
i can position myself somewhere inside of this range here so let's say that this is our internal
range and we have a fair value gap
sitting inside of this range so we have this low right and then this high at some point i can use
internal range liquidity maybe i'm waiting for a market structure shift higher right so we get our
market structure shift and then this becomes a very very obvious target okay it's not internal
range i don't have to question it i can very confidently put my take profit here position
myself here inside of this swing and hold it all the way to target and vice versa if i'm bearish
and we have some equal lows setting up maybe there's a point of internal range liquidity that
i'm expecting to trade to
can position myself confidently put my take profit at the lows with the expectation that
it's gonna trade to that level so every time i sit down in front of the charts if i don't have
a target that is very very obvious and that really jumps out to me that makes a whole lot
of sense i'm usually not taking a trade i don't sit down in front of my charts and just try and
punt trades and try and find action just for the sake of trading i need to know where the market's
gonna go at least with a 70 or 80 level of confidence and if it's more 50 50 where let's say
sideways your range and it's just as likely to go to the highs as it is the lows i'm usually not
going to take a trade now if we could hop over into like the dollar index and show you guys
exactly what i'm talking about when i look at this higher time frame price action this market
is really just up and down up and down or at least you know past the last couple days let's
just say we were back here and we're just stuck inside this massive range is it easy for me to
determine where the target is going to be just based on what i'm seeing in the charts right now
current price action and i can't really easily discern whether this market is going to go to the
high or go to the low right and let's just say i remove all this other information in here just
so you guys aren't confused all right and maybe you're looking at these two things right we have
this inverted fair value gap but we also have a bullish for a value gap here is this easy to
understand if the market is going to go to range highs or to range lows so we have here our range
high and this is both external range liquidity right if i can't easily determine which side of
the market this price is going to go to it's going to go to the high or it's going to go to the low
to i'm not going to trade that market i'm going to find another market that makes a whole lot of
sense that is a lot easier to determine all right this definitely wants to go to the daily highs now
maybe you had the notion that this was going to go to the daily highs okay that's great but when
i sit down in front of this market i'm just telling you guys what my opinion of of the dollar
was back here at the beginning of october i didn't know where this market wanted to go so that leads
me to usually just sit on my hands okay when it's 50 50 i typically don't do anything now as another
example and i've got a lot of people that are interested in this market and they're like oh
i brought this up before this is when usually i'm much more confident in a trade now just you know
ignore the fact that this is a quarterly time frame here we have right a range high and range
low but we have equal highs sitting up here right as we're coming back to what this is internal
range liquidity because it's what fair value gap as it's coming back into the internal range i have
a much greater confidence level that is going to trade to these equal highs at some point so when
this is in place in the market okay this is usually
when i have a really good understanding of which direction i'm trying to trade in okay we have this
nice displacement higher it's respecting this fair value gap here we got a nice bullish engulfing
candle here yes it struggles to trade to that level but i know overall uh unless we lose this
bullish fair value gap i'm going to remain on the side of longs until it gets to that level
all right so knowing this is great finding the target knowing where the market is going to go
with 70 80 confidence is great but i mean who wouldn't want to know where the market's going
the problem is how many times have you known where the market was going but got
stopped out before the real move this is because you don't know how to time the market but that
ends today so timing the market is probably one of the hardest things to master and it's probably
something that i get the most questions on so me timing the market and i'm just going to talk
about this from a monthly and a weekly perspective so from a monthly perspective all we're trying to
do is predict where that monthly candle is going to trade or how it's going to trade throughout
the month okay and we can split a monthly candle up into what
weeks and usually the first week of the month has what during it nfp okay so when we're talking
about news events and a monthly perspective nfp every single month can oftentimes be a driver
for where the rest of the month is going to trade to so if i have to determine let's say if we get
a bullish monthly candle and i'm expecting the next month to trade higher well i might expect
the first week of the month to manipulate lower right maybe we're going to take out the previous
monthly low so let's just say that this is the previous monthly and the month opens here and
maybe it trades down here during nfp if it does this okay what are we expecting for the next two
to three to four months all right what are we expecting for the next two to three weeks so i'm
just going to put dividers here and just pretend that this is the start of the month right this is
the first week and then here's the second week there's a third week so during week one let's say
that this is the first week of the month maybe we go take out the previous monthly low all right
and then maybe we get something like this during nfp okay what is this honestly telling us well
let's just say that this is the first week of the month right this is the first week of the month
and then we can expect the next couple weeks to close bullish so let's say if this weekly candle
closes somewhat bullish maybe the next week kind of opens up maybe it just takes out internal
range liquidity here and then goes higher right and then same thing for this week here maybe it
just comes takes out internal range liquidity trades into a fair value gap and then trades
higher okay so when we're trying to time a monthly move we might want to sit out or be very very still
during nfp weeks and then the majority of better trading is going to come during weeks two three
and maybe four but at some point maybe during the fourth week we print the high of the month and
then it kind of dies out okay so trading on the fourth week of the month you have to be very
cautious because maybe during the month we've already gotten the monthly expansion so when it
comes to the monthly perspective okay obviously nfp weeks can and often do sometimes provide enough
direction where we're gonna go for the rest of the month okay now if we're trying to anticipate
where we're gonna go during the week now let's just assume that these are all days okay so we
have our day dividers here so we have monday here saturday saturday saturday saturday saturday saturday
tuesday wednesday thursday friday okay depending on how the calendar is going to form right and
there are three major news events where i typically do not trade ahead of which is one nfp two fomc rate
announcement and three cpi so these are the three events that i typically avoid when i'm trying to
time my trades okay when we have an nfp or fomc rate announcement or cpi a lot of times what you're
going to notice and you guys can go through your charts and back test this and look at all the days
behind nfp weeks look at all the data behind fomc rate announcements look at all the data behind cpi
a lot of times markets will tend to just chop around you know maybe it goes higher and then
lower and then it's doing something like this and then during nfp maybe we get a rate on one of
these levels okay so maybe we have our intra-week highs and lows and maybe during nfp it spikes
lower and then it rips higher okay this is really what the market is waiting for okay because you
have to think like a fund or you have to think like a professional trader do you think all these
professional traders that are going to be able to do that are going to be able to do that are going to
be able to do that are going to be able to do that are going to be able to do that are going to
be able to do that are going to be able to do that are managing multi-millions of dollars are trying
to position ahead of any of these events unless they have insider information do you think they're
trying to position themselves ahead of fomc rate announcement or ahead of cpi you know oftentimes
if they don't have the information they are just sitting and waiting on the sidelines so when it
comes to timing your weekly ranges and this is where timing plays such an important factor i
typically do not position myself ahead of these days if cpi falls on a thursday let's just say cpi
falls on a thursday you know
unless i can really find a quick trade on monday usually the days leading up to cpi are very choppy
and you don't really have a great indication of where the markets want to go and you guys can go
back through your charts and actually look at all this data and see where a cpi day is you know when
the cpi day comes out you might have a massive flush lower and then it just rips higher and then
it just continues for the rest of the week same thing with fmc let's say fmc is on a wednesday
right maybe monday or tuesday it trades lower so you might even get a monday doing something like
this where you get a monday doing something like this where you get a monday doing something like
monday low and then it just continues to trade lower taking out both of these days and then
during fomc does something like this and then it turns around like this and then it's just
continuously trending for the rest of the week this is where your timing plays such an important
role now if you are bullish coming into the week this is what you need to avoid you need to avoid
these days so when there's major announcements like this i will typically not trade whatsoever
on these days there are days where i just completely delete from my trading schedule
because i know that it's trying to set up for something like this now if you don't believe me
what i'm talking about let me show you an example all right so just as an example let's look at the
week leading up to fomc rate announcement so look at this prior week here we have monday tuesday
wednesday thursday friday so all of this monday higher tuesday higher wednesday got a little bit
of a flush lower but eventually moved made its way higher on thursday and higher on friday so
if you were bullish right coming into this week we have fomc on wednesday so if you can't get a
trade in
early and this is what exactly what happened what i was just talking about is we might have monday
trade higher right tuesday it just leads up into fomc taking out what taking out monday's low so
anybody that was long too early is getting stopped out not only that but this market structure is
getting people to to be off sides they think that the market is going to go lower right but
here is our all-time high and let's just say we have a bullish bias on index markets because
over time typically mark index markets trade up and to the right you know what
would happen after fomc this is a massive liquidity rate we have the rate on on monday's
low okay and this is where everything gets tied in your timing is very important okay so this is
where you're trying to time your trade maybe you're trying to go long here and place your
stop here all right maybe you're long right at the weekly open your stop goes below the low of fomc
and then you're going to target either this liquidity here right because these are equal
highs here or the all-time high right external range liquidity so you can put here external
range liquidity now if i'm bullish biased this
gives me a very strong indication or a very strong confidence level that it is going to trade to
external range equity okay i don't have to determine if it's going to stop at you know
this fair value gap here or this fair value gap up here i don't really care if it trades to those
levels and i'm not going to get nervous about it because if i'm on the right side of the market
it should just trade through those levels and get to the all-time highs so let's play this forward
and watch exactly what happens okay do i really care if it's going to that fair value gap am i
going to short it no so you guys can see that it goes through those levels right we have this fair
value gap here obviously it didn't care about that it trades through that level we have this fair
value gap here it doesn't care about that it trades through that level finds support at the low and it
continues to wear the external range liquidity and there you have it this is a simple 2r trade
targeting external range liquidity and timing it properly based on the calendar now because i
avoid these three events every other red folder news event does not play as much of an impact
and i don't need to tread as carefully
so sometimes i'm okay positioning before the news event sometimes i'm waiting for after the
news event if i don't have enough information but all the other red folder news events shouldn't be
giving you that much of anxiety when you're trying to trade around you have to get comfortable with
the risk anything can happen on a red folder news but usually this is these are the ones that cause
the most slippage and have the most carnage right because the ranges are so big all right so now you
know how to frame a target and time the market properly but i want to ask you guys something
about the market right now if you guys have any questions about the market or even if you're
watching from the internet you can ask me anything on the red folder news event i will be happy to
answer them as i move the channel forward and so let's jump into the most critical part
of the analysis which is finding our entry stop loss and take profit all right when it comes to
our entry models i'm trying to keep things as simple as possible because almost all of my
analysis and all of my energy goes into these it goes into finding the right target you know which
helps me develop my bias and it goes into timing the market properly timing the market can be one of the most difficult things because a lot of times you might be fighting with the market before it starts to fall apart
moving to your target okay and you have to remain level-headed and understand that just because it's
moving to your target slowly does not mean that your trade is wrong all right so let's talk about
our entry models which i just used three very simple ones and the entry and the stop loss are
very straightforward so let's talk about an engulfing bar pattern this is a very good entry
model that i like to use just based off of two candlesticks if you don't know what it is basically
you have a down close candle well for a bullish engulfing candle you have a down close candle
then the next candle closes bullish but it takes out the prior low as well as the high so it's
taking out the low as well as the high and i wait for the close on this second candle and then on
the third candle is when i'm trying to trying to time my entry so when it comes to timing my entry
here's our open i'm looking for it to trade lower right to some point of discount right i don't know
how low it's going to go as long as it's respecting this low i don't really care trying
to anticipate where i'm going to time my entry i might not get the best fill
you
maybe i enter it here and it draws down against me but this is where it's very important to have
your stop loss so my stop loss is going to go below all right and then my entry is going to
be somewhere in here inside of this range it doesn't really matter as long as it's retracing
i'll buy it anywhere in here as long as my stop loss is going at the low of this candle now if
i enter it and it draws down against me i shouldn't be panicking okay so let's say my entry is here
my stop loss is here what i'm trying to target is what external range of quiddity okay so i'm
going to trade it okay let's just say it's all the way up here and you know it's not going to fit
on here but just assume that this here is at least a one to three okay or one to two so this target
would honestly be all the way up here okay so this here this entry here would provide a one to
two or one to three if it's not providing this and the external range liquidity target is way too
close i typically will not trade it or if the context isn't right i typically won't trade it
so again your entry point is going to just be anywhere honestly inside of here to me it doesn't
really matter because your stop loss is always going to be anywhere honestly inside of here
always going to go at the low all right your entry is going to be here then your target is going to be
at external range of quiddity now when the market's bearish we're looking for the opposite we want to
see this candle take out the prior candles high and the prior candles low and then on this next
candle i'm expecting the market to trade a little higher and position myself here my stop loss goes
where above the high of the engulfing candle so let's say my entry is here and my take profit is
where it might be all the way down here at external range of quiddity there might be an old low down
and then this engulfing candle forms where at a swing high right maybe it's forming inside of a
fair value gap internal range of quiddity in here so i'm positioning myself here putting my stop loss
at the high and then it's trading lower my take profit is all the way down here and hopefully this
is a one to two or one to three now i'll just go through an engulfing bar that actually appeared
today right and i can show you guys how i would frame this trade so here we have an engulfing
you guys can see here we took out the high and the low all right after we get the closure what
am i looking for i'm looking for the retracement
just like i marked out to trade lower respect the low okay so this is your stop loss and you're
trying to enter on this retracement to me it doesn't matter exactly where anywhere in here
is good as long as you're using the low for your stop loss okay anywhere in here is good it doesn't
matter if you enter here it doesn't matter if you enter here it doesn't matter if you enter here
obviously the lower you go the better risk reward you get but you're not always going to be able to
find the perfect entry all right and i'd rather just be in the trade and getting paid than worrying
so much about perfect entries so let's just say you entered at the open let's just say you entered
as soon as it started dipping lower and you put your stop loss here you should not be panicking
if it continues to trade against you and where does the target go it goes to external range
liquidity which is what these all-time highs all the way up here so like i mentioned when the market
is in a bullish trend these internal range liquidity points this this bearish fair value
gap should not matter if the market is bullish all right so this is a very good example with
a bullish engulfing candle now you guys should go through all of your charts and back test all of
this
here's another one here you have a nice bullish engulfing candle here or it takes out the low
first and then the high all right and you're entering where on the retracement of that next
candle you're putting your stop loss below the low and maybe you're just going to target external
range liquidity okay this is only giving you a one-to-one so maybe you don't want to take it or
maybe you're going to have to aggressively adjust the stop to get a better risk reward based on a
lower time frame all right but it does eventually go to where external range liquidity all right
so that is just one entry model that i use and it's probably one of my favorite entry models
now liquidity raid what we're
looking for in a liquidity raid is really just a strong rejection after taking out a low or high so
let's just say we have this old low here let's just say we have equal lows and then the market goes
down and sweeps those lows but we are bullish instead of just entering the market as soon as it
takes out the low we're looking for a closure back above that swing point okay this confirms
that this is actually a liquidity raid and then we're possibly going to go target what external
range liquidity and vice versa if we're bearish let's say we have equal lows being built up here
what we're looking for as it's going above this short-term high is actually going to be a low and
long-term high is a closure back below that old high before we position ourselves targeting this
external range liquidity what you're going to do is after the closure then you're going to use the
the swing point right right before we get the confirmation and so this becomes our stop-loss
point so if we have this swing low being taken out and then the closure back above those of those
this is where your stop-loss goes and vice versa if you're bearish this is where your stop-loss
goes now i could go through and give you guys so many different examples of this but i'm only going
of them but this is all dependent on you this is about you going in the charts and back testing
and forward testing these setups but here we have an old swing low and instead of you trying to go
long as soon as it takes out the low we're going to wait until we get a closure back above the low
okay so once we get the closure back above the low all right maybe you just want to enter on
the close of that candle you're putting your stop loss at the swing low and you're going to target
what external range liquidity maybe you're going to target this one or maybe you want to target
the one that's all the way up here okay if you target the one that's all the way up here at least
it's a 2r but this is really where i lost a lot of money as a liquidity rate trader was i was so
impatient i would not wait for the closures back above those swing points and here's just a very
short-term example here right we have a raid above this high and then a closure below swing high so
if you were short biased maybe you want to enter short here and you put your stop loss here and
maybe you're going to target external range down here all right this is a 1.7 to 1 and if you can
find ways to
to trim your stop and continuously add into this trade as it's trading lower now you could possibly
get more out of this trade here's another example here we have this swing low here after the closure
back above the low on this candle right and it's all dependent on the closure if we don't get a
closure then it's not valid we have this closure here so as soon as we get the closure on this
candle here right you're going to enter the trade but your stop loss below the low after taking out
the swing low and just target external range liquidity okay it's as simple as that but once
you're in the trade you can't control
what this thing is going to do maybe it's going to go sideways on you for a while before it actually
makes that run higher now you guys can see here that you would have to hold this trade over the
weekend before it gets to that level but the context is there and the framework is there okay
again when it comes to liquidity raids wait for the closures back above or below those swing points
do not just enter as soon as it takes out those levels that's how i lost a lot of money because
you don't know where that stop loss should go you're waiting for the swing to be formed and
get that confirmation before you enter the trade now fair value gaps fair value gaps are pretty
straightforward all we're looking for is a swing low and then a closure below the low and then a
back down into the fair value gap okay you're entering you should be entering as it's trading
into the fair value gap and with fair value gaps you have a couple different options an aggressive
stop loss is using the low of the fair value gap you know a more conservative stop loss is
using the low of candle 2 and then the most conservative stop loss is using the low of
candle 3 but again your entry is here your stop loss can go at any one of these levels depending
on how aggressive you're trying to be and how confident you are in some of these trades but
just know that the more aggressive you get the more keep your capital when the trial is in and
yes the better risk reward you get but also the win rate will likely go down and vice versa if
you're bearish you're trying to short it as it's trading higher into the fair value gap okay your
stop loss will again go aggressively at the high of the fair value gap or at the high of candle two
or at the high of candle three and again what you're trying to target is that an external range
of equity that might be resting all the way up here right for a bullish fair value gap or all
the way down here for a bearish fair value gap you now have everything you need to trade just
like i do well you have the strategy at least however as you already know the strategy alone
won't make you a profitable trader in order to do that you need to stay consistent over the long
term and master the mental game of trading which is exactly what i help my inner circle of traders
do i recently opened the doors for a new enrollment to trade alongside with me watching me execute my
trades learning my full system that made me four million dollars from pop firms and having direct
access to me if the link in the description still works then slots are open if it doesn't
then enrollment's closed and if it is don't worry because at the end of the day you can learn this
on your own
it just takes a matter of years rather than a matter of months working under a mentor whichever
path you choose just know i'm rooting for you to win make sure you subscribe and i'll see you guys
in the next video


==============================
VIDEO 057 — The Best Top Down Analysis Strategy for 2025 ｜ Forex Trading Guide-FmKJDOSUAUY
==============================

if you don't know how to play with time frames you simply don't know how to trade it doesn't
matter if you're a day trader scalper swing trader you can't properly top down analysis
a chart you cannot trade it doesn't matter what type of trader you are and if you want to be able
to be a sniper trader and constantly win in the markets and become profitable you have to be able
to properly do a top-down analysis in the market so you can actually see what the market is doing
on different time frames now before you become into a nerd or want to be expert on only one
single time frame i need you to realize that there's not only one time frame to be successful
you need to be able to manage multiple different time frames at the same time and these are the
main key time frames that you need to know for a top-down analysis that is going to be the weekly
time frame the daily time frame and the four hour time frame does not matter if you're a scalper day
trader swing trader you need to have these three main time frames in your top-down analysis so you
can properly understand the direction of the market where it's headed and how you can find
an edge in the market so now let's get into the video on how you can properly do a top-down
analysis and i'm also going to show you how to actually enter a trade with my personal entry
signal that i use every single time i enter a trade and it raises my win rate by even 20 to 25
so if you have a win rate of 40 to 50 percent if you just added this extra entry stuff that i use
you're gonna boost your win rate by 25 to 30 percent which can lead you to about a 70 winning
strategy which is crazy
crazy so now let's actually get into the markets right now where i'm going to show you how to
properly do a top-down analysis and you can actually have an edge over the market so let's
get into it so first things first is going to be the actual time frames to do the top-down analysis
so there is hundreds of different time frames you have the one minute the two minute the three
minute 5 15 you have all these different time frames you can almost even create custom time
frames of your own liking which is actually you know kind of bizarre doesn't even make any sense
but the possibility is there and then also you can go down to the seconds and how many seconds and
stuff which is absolutely just ridiculous if you notice here i have a star on every single
time frame that i personally use for every single time i do a top-down analysis on any pair on my
watch list so this does not matter the currency pair that you're trading it doesn't matter if it's
gbp usd euro usd gbp jpy the same top-down analysis applies to any pair any commodity any
everything is exactly the same because it just consists of a top-down analysis the simple
analogy that i can put here is if you were to take a car into a shop to do the oil change it has to
pass by the same exact inspection they have to see how much oil is in it how old is the oil in there
how much how many quarts of oil have to be added and what type of oil it's the same thing doesn't
matter if it's a rose royce or if it's a honda civic they have to go through the same oil process
to have the standard of what they should do next same thing here you have to
go through the standard of what the time frames are doing to determine if you're interested in
taking this trade so these are going to be the main time frames that i use which is the 15 minute
30 one hour two hour four hour daily weekly and monthly so i put a star on them so they stay
on this top section here and i only focus on the ones that are needed for a proper
top-down analysis so first things first what is a top-down analysis well it's pretty
self-explanatory you have to start from the top down right it's a top
down analysis so you want to start off from the highest of the time frame and work all your way
down so you were to start off from the weekly then after the weekly you would go to the daily
then from the daily you would go to the four hour the four hour two one thirty fifteen minute it's
just pretty much a ladder that goes from the highest time frame to the lowest time frame but
there's actually a very specific way on how to do it and what time frame do you divide from each
don't worry it's gonna make sense in literally just a second so for this video we're going to
the daily the four hour the two hour the one hour the 30 minute and the 15 minute
so this is actually divided right down the middle almost pretty much and it's divided
right at this section right here why you may ask well that is because the weekly the daily and
the four hour is used for one part of the top down analysis and then the two hour the one hour
and fifteen and thirty minute is used for another part of the top down analysis
so this part is going to be used for the trend to identify if the market is headed
to the upside or the downside and then this part right here which is the two hour the one hour the
30 and the 15 minute is going to be used for the entry of the market that you're going to be
executing so you have a top down analysis to identify the trend and a top down analysis to
identify the entry which is actually very neat because this way you can actually build an edge
for money so when you're doing a top down analysis you want to start off on the weekly i have the
monthly here i don't use it as much anymore kind of just look at every once in a while just to
refresh my memory from the beginning ways of my strategy but i don't use it anymore to be
profitable haven't used it in a really long time just have it there it's kind of like a superstitious
thing right just i like it so you want to start off on the weekly time frame so when you start off
on the weekly time frame in the markets you're probably going to see a market that looks
something like this you're going to see very big moves you're going to see very big moves you're
not going to see a lot of rejection you're not going to see a lot of movements it just looks
like one big blob of a move simplest example i can show you is actively what the market has done
right here looks like one big blob so if i were to copy the most recent mark structure it looks
like one big move like this very easy to identify not that hard to pretty much see what's going on
right so this market you can clearly tell that it was going from bearish to then bullish and that
market has shifted completely at this section right here let me actually just delete this stuff
so you can see how this market has gone from bearish to then bullish this market was creating
lower lows and lower highs and then we broke the structure level making this a new higher high
now we understand by doing a top-down analysis that the weekly time frame is bullish
so it's going to look something like this now when we do a top-down
analysis all we're doing is literally zooming in to the exact same price that you are seeing
right here so this same exact move that we have identified on the weekly time frame
that has shifted structure when we go to the daily time frame all we literally do is just zoom
in all we do is get a little bit closer and when we get a little bit closer what happens we start
seeing a little bit more of the detail of what's going on in the market so this exact
same market move is what's going on right here and i'm just going to go down to the daily because
i've already done the top parts of the analysis now i'm going to start working my way down
and when i started from the top i realized that this market is now going to the upside or this
market is going to the downside whatever the case is then i go down to the daily time frame
and i notice that within this same exact market move there is a lot of structure that is happening
inside here so all i'm simply going to do is just draw out the structure points following the same
weekly move that happened on the section to the upside so if you notice this is the same exact
move right here on the weekly but now this is on the daily so we can identify from a top-down
analysis why it's so important on doing it because if we were to only look on the daily this is what
and we would see a bunch of rubbish we would see literally the market going up down up down up down
it's a bit confusing but then if we look at the weekly we get a very clear indication of where the
masses of the markets are actually heading and this is actually very key because you could only
focus on what matters do you want to only take a day trade do you want to take an overall swing
trade do you want to take a little scalp trade this is very important because you can almost
do a little bit of everything with the proper top-down analysis confirmation because if you're
to look at this on the weekly you would want to pretty much buy because this time frame is
currently bullish but then if you were to look at this time frame you would tell that it is bearish
even though it's probably a beginner trader this might look bullish it's actually bearish you can
see how the market was here indeed creating higher highs higher lows higher highs higher lows higher
highs higher lows higher highs and then we had broken this previous higher low making this market
now bearish so
so we've identified that the daily time frame is now shifting to the downside and this can kind of
make a little bit of sense because for the weekly time frame what this can create is an even deeper
pullback so then the weekly time frame can continue going to the upside hypothetically but
we know that the weekly could have that deeper pullback because the daily time frame is now
bearish and it's simply going bearish to give this weekly time frame the deeper pullback so then it
has the push to the upside so they're both doing the same move but one's just pretty much taking
the hit for the other one to have the actual move overall but this is all big hypothetical right
this is uh basically what we're having right in front of us right now and it is a hundred percent
a fact and that is that the weekly time frame is a bullish and then that the daily time frame is
bearish so as we're going through this top analysis we're like well does it make more
sense to buy or does it make more sense to sell well as of right now we have a 50 50 can't really
tell but we're going to go down to the four hour so we're going to go down to the four hour so we're
simply going to get this same exact market move from the daily time frame right here
i'm going to put it right back into place just so we can pretty much confirm
that all we are doing is just zooming in so we all agree that this is the market structure there
now we go down to the four hours so we already started from the top and we're working our way
down now this is currently how this looks on the four hour time frame so for example it's purposeful
or even more than that i'm going to go down and look at the four hour time frame and we'll go
down to the two hour time frame and see what this is i'm going to simply start it off from this
point right here just because there's a lot of market structure and i can pretty much be all
night identifying every single one of these structure points so just going to follow every
single higher low and higher high that this market created along the way of it heading to the upside
and every lower lower and lower high that this market created heading to the downside so as you guys can
move it to the outside you can see very clearly right here that came out from that four hour
section and that this right here is the original daily structure move so we're making this very
very simple very very straightforward this is what the top-down analysis looks like on the weekly
time frame this is what the top-down analysis looks like on the daily time frame and now this
is what the top-down analysis looks like on the four-hour time frame everything you're seeing
here is the exact same market as you can tell it's been gbp usd the whole entire way the only
thing that has changed is that we have gotten in closer and closer and closer to identify what
makes more sense does it make more sense to buy or does it make more sense to sell because at the
end of the day the market's going to do two things it's either going to go up or it's going to go
down we're simply trying to find an edge on where it makes the most sense that the market's going to
go and as of right now that we've identified the weekly time frame as
bullish and we've identified the daily time frame as bearish we can confirm that the four-hour time
frame is also bearish why maybe to begin a trader you can identify this as bullish but it's actually
the same exact concept as the daily time frame this market was creating beautiful higher lows
and higher highs heading to the upside but then this was the last higher low broke under that
structure level making the four-hour time frame
bearish so as you can see this is the move that fits perfectly inside here and this is the move
that perfectly fits inside of this market structure right here so every single time frame that we go
down we just get more in detail on what the hell the market is doing exactly this way we can find
an edge on what decisions should we take so based off of this right here off of creating a top
analysis my bias is already making more sense to enter a
sell than to enter a buy why because as i started from the top and i started working my way down
with the top down analysis it's clearly that two time frames are going bearish versus one time frame
is bullish so as of right now that is literally only the first half of top down analysis which is
going to be the weekly the daily and the four hour this is to simply understand the trend of
the market where is the majority of the time frames headed so we can pretty much create an
edge on the market and we can pretty much create an edge on the market and we can pretty much create
an edge on the market and we can pretty much create an edge on that direction and take the trade that way
on that direction and take the trade that way now this is what i do personally for myself to catch
now this is what i do personally for myself to catch day trades intraday trades and also swing
day trades intraday trades and also swing trades some of you scalpers out there people that are
trades some of you scalpers out there people that are taking even you know trade on the lower time
taking even you know trade on the lower time frames you guys don't have to start on the weekly
frames you guys don't have to start on the weekly you guys can pretty much go daily four hour two
you guys can pretty much go daily four hour two hour and then you look for your entries from the
hour and then you look for your entries from the from the lower time frames down i personally like
from the lower time frames down i personally like the weekly the day and the four hour simply
because the higher time frames are more respected than the lower time frames why
well it's because it takes the weekly a lot more time to create a structure
point than it does on the one hour in order for the one hour to create a
structure point can literally happen within four to five hours which happens
very often but on the weekly time frame for it to create a structure point it
takes about four to five weeks to create the same structure point so what do you
think is gonna have a stronger basis of holding price something that happens
every four or five hours that can happen tens of times throughout the day or do
you think something that happens once every month to month and a half
it's pretty logical in my opinion that's why I stick to the stronger because at
the end of the day I want to put my money behind something that is gonna
give me more odds of making me money versus not just doesn't make you know
sense in my mind so after you understand that this is the top down analysis for
the
trend of the markets. Now we're going to go through the top down analysis of the entry part,
which is very key because it's where a lot of traders pretty much just want to jump the gun
and go straight into entering the market. But they got to understand that before entering the market,
they have to properly do a top down analysis to actually be able to execute a trade.
So now that we understand that two of these timeframes are bearish, I'm just going to remove
the one that's bullish because we're not interested in buying at all. And we should
not be interested in buying at all. We don't want to take account to trend trade. Makes no sense.
It's a high risk trade. So we're going to only look for reasons to sell. So now that we have
our two timeframes that are going to confirm to us that this is bearish, we're going to now look
for entries on the two hour, the one hour, the 30 minute and the 50 minute. So what exactly are
we looking for on these timeframes in order to take the trade? Now, this is literally where
you're about to have a aha moment. You're literally about to tell yourself, wow, I cannot
believe that I have not been seeing this. So like, I think it's literally like been right in front
of your face the whole entire time. And that is if we are selling, why don't we continue the
selling top down analysis market structure on the entry points? What does that mean? Let me show
you. So if we are interested in selling this market right here, we know that this is what it
looks like from the daily to the four hour here. Now,
this exact same market structure, let's say hypothetically on the 30 minutes, just to show
you guys very simply with the same exact market that we're currently using. You can see that on
the 30 minute, it's going to look very, very different. Let me just bring this here, put it
back on where the market is. So we know that we're exactly on the same market that we drew up in this
section right here. Now, this is just back on this area. So let's look at it on the 30 minutes.
Time frame. You can see how we're just going to structure up this last section here. You can see
how it consists of a lot more structure points, literally creating a bunch of little higher lows
and higher highs throughout the whole entire way. And this is obviously happening a lot faster than
the four hour time frame than the daily time frame, so on and so forth. So if you notice right
here, this markets on the 30 minute time frame looks very different than the 30 minute time frame.
Now, what do I mean by that? It's very confusing. Well, don't worry. It's about to make a lot of
sense right now. So I'm just pretty much dragging this all the way back to our four hour section,
which is going to be right around over here. So what I have done right here is I've literally
brought in this zoomed in section of the entry area of GBP USD on the 30 minutes from the four
hours. So this is the four hour time frame.
Now, this is what it looks like on the 30 minute time frame. So I've obviously only focused on
this section here because if I were to pretty much go back, all this would look very rubbish. It would
have a lot of different structure points and doesn't matter to what we're about to do right
now. So if this is what the four hour time frame looks like, and we've understood that this time
frame is bearish, I'm just going to put it here. So it's very visual. And this is what the 30 minute
time frame looks like.
What is this 30 minute time frame doing right now? Are we actively bullish or are we actively
bearish? Well, once again, probably to a beginner trader, this time frame might be bearish,
but they're actually wrong. This time frame is bullish. This market was creating lower lows,
lower highs, lower lows, lower highs, lower lows, lower highs, lower lows. And we have now shifted
to the upside.
Making this 30 minute time frame bullish. So now that this 30 minute time frame is bullish, well,
doesn't mean that it's the right time to enter this trade because we are looking to sell and we
can only sell when we have a bearish market. If we have a lower time frame, which is a time frame
that we're going to enter that is against our overall top down analysis trend, it simply does
not make sense to enter the trade.
Lower time frames have not shifted the structure yet, making it not logical to enter the trade.
So this right here would be a perfect example of a loss that a trader would take or a position that
I personally would avoid. So to make this very simple and very straight to the point,
it simply comes down to this. If this is going to be, let's say the four hour time frame,
and this is what the market would look like on the four hour. And if I were to divide it from
four hours, I would have to divide it by four hours. And if I were to divide it by four hours,
I would have to divide it by four hours. And if I were to divide it by four hours, I would have to
varied the four hour to then 30 minutes. This is what it would look like on the 30 minute.
Let me just make it a very clear cut through version of what it could look like following
the same path. This is simply going from the four hour to the 30 minute time from there,
obviously exactly the same. This is simply just four hour, and then this is going to be 30 minutes.
We are analyzing this market, looking to take this trade to the upside. This is where we would wait
for this pullback here to then buy. This is going to be the key of a patient trader waiting for this
area to hit to then enter the position. Now, this is where top-down analysis is so crucial
because this pullback right here is going to give you the perfect confirmation that you have to
wait. Why? Because now this time frame has gone bearish all the way up to this area in here and
you cannot enter this market as long as this market continues bearish. You could only enter
on this market once it has shifted with the overall time frames from the top-down analysis.
If the four-hour and then the daily time frame are bullish, you want to make sure that then the
30-minute time frame is also bullish with the overall time frames. On the pullback,
it went bearish and then we have to wait for it to simply go bullish so we can then continue
to take this trade to the upside. The key is when you're going to enter the trade on the lower time
frames, you want to make sure that it aligns with the trend of the overall top-down analysis. If
you were to write down one thing from this one entire video, that would be it right there. So
pause the video, watch it, and as you pause the video, hit that subscribe button because this
right here took
me like two and a half years to understand. And the fact that I'm just putting it in this video
right now is actually crazy. So hit that subscribe button right now because nobody else is making it
as simple and as effective as I am right now because this alone can boost your win rate by
25 to 30%. So make sure you hit that subscribe button. So this obviously looks very simple on
line chart, right? But we don't trade line charts. We trade candlesticks. Let me actually
show you how it looks like on the candlestick section. So I'm just going to pretty much
hold on to this for just a quick second. I'm going to
show you guys on this very live example that I'm actually very eager to enter right now. So as you
guys can see, this is a very clear shift of structure. If we were to start off from the
daily time frame, well, let's start off from the weekly, right? Weekly, we can very clearly tell
that we have had a lower low, lower high, lower low. Now we've had a higher high. Weekly time
frame is actually bullish, but you can see how we have very strong weekly rejection candlesticks,
confirming to us that this can pretty much not like this area.
We have a deeper pullback to then continue to head to the outside because the overall trend is
bullish on the weekly time frame. Now, starting from the top, we're going our way down to the
daily time frame. You can see that the daily time frame has actually shifted structure
beautifully. You can see how we have a very valid left head and then a right shoulder.
We have confirmed broken through the neckline of that head and shoulder. Well, now this time frame
we have two completely different time frames telling us two completely different things.
It's 50-50. You want to go with the weekly, 50% of going up. You want to go with the daily,
50% chance of going down. Well, I'm not going to take a trade on a 50-50 chance. I want to
have the majority of the possibilities that I can in order to enter this trade. That's why I'm going
to go down now to the four hour to continue this top down analysis. When I come over to the four
hour, I can very clearly tell that this four hour was in a bullish trajectory.
Heading to the upside, creating higher highs and higher lows. Then we had this massive bearish
move that has engulfed pretty much the last couple of weeks in one single session. What it did
indicating to us that, well, now the four hour is bearish as well, giving us two time frames that
are bearish versus one. Now, I want you to ask yourself, what makes more sense, the seller to
buy? Obviously, the seller. Now, we move over to the entry parts of the actual,
actual trade. You can go to the two hour, the one hour, the 30 minute, the 50 minute,
whatever looks cleaner. I like the 30 minute the most out of anything. When I go over to the 30
minutes, you guys can see here that in the 30 minutes, we have structure everywhere. We have
structure here heading to the upside. Then we have structure here heading to the downside.
On this structure heading to the downside, we can see how we created an insane amount of a double
bottom. Then we have now,
shifted to the upside, making the 30 minute time frame bullish. You cannot enter a sell
if you have a bullish time frame. What do you have to do? You have to wait for this time frame to now
go bearish. And once it goes bearish, then you can continue to take the trade with the overall
market. Now, I don't think you guys understand how powerful this is. This is literally the market
showing you its hand first, so you can then follow it. A lot of traders,
they want to predict the market's hand before it actually happens. Not me. I want the market to
show me what it's going to do. After it shows me what it's going to do, I'm like, all right, cool,
you're actually going to go down. Well, I'll jump in with you. I don't want to predict that it's
going to go down. I want to wait for it to confirm that it's going to continue going down
with these other time frames, so then I can actually then jump on the ship with it. It's
almost like a hack. It's literally telling you, hey, I'm actually going to start going down to
the downside now. The lower time frames are pretty much letting you know that,
so when you get over to the four-hour time frame, you're going to pretty much see one big red
candlestick going like this. What you know is that on the 30-minute time frame we shifted,
this is where you enter the trade, and then you can pretty much set and forget your way to success
because the lower time frame is confirming that it is going to continue the trend with the top
analysis of the overall time frames. You're probably asking yourself, what is this word
set and forget? How can you set and forget your way to success? Is that even possible?
My students have been doing it in the last three months. They've been making anywhere from $1,000
to $1,500 a week as a beginner set and forget trader, where they're literally catching trades
like this with me every single week on a call that I get with them. I explain to them my top
two, top three pairs that I trade for the week that have the clearest and most precise top-down
analysis that give us the edge in the market and confirm to us that, hey, it makes more sense to
sell at this moment than to buy, simply because the overall time frame is going to continue to
continue to go down. And if you don't know what set and forget is, and you want to know more about
it, well, make sure you hit the link in the description below. I have a video there for
you that explains to you exactly what set and forget is and how it's changed lives all around
the world. And it lets traders make anywhere from $1,000 to $1,500 a week as a beginner set
and forget trader. So make sure you guys watch that video. The link is in the description below.
I appreciate you guys watching this video all the way to the end. If you want to see more videos
like this, make sure you hit that like and subscribe button. And I actually have a video
for you that explains to you precisely on what candlesticks are. So make sure you check it out
in this section right here. And I'll see you guys in the next video. Take it easy, guys.


==============================
VIDEO 058 — The Blueprint To Become a Profitable Trader in 2025-2pEtH0g0z1o
==============================

It's almost 2025 and you are still not profitable and you want to become a trader.
This is either the beginning of your story or the end of your trading journey. If I'm about to say
inside this video makes sense and you like it, it's good. I mean that it's meant for you,
but if it doesn't and you don't get it, you're pretty much fucked. So the blueprint on how to
become a profitable trader. So I want to give you guys some context on what profitability even
is. Let me make it extremely clear that being a profitable trader is not having a Lamborghini
or having gold chains or grills in your mouth or Gucci shoes. That does not mean that you're
a profitable trader. That just means that you're honestly a douchebag. A profitable trader is
somebody that makes money on top of the money that they started on their trading account.
The best way to do that is to make money on top of the money that they started on their trading
The best way to do that is to make money on top of the money that they started on their trading
Best traders in the world, the most legendary traders known in history, someone like Warren
Buffett, make anywhere from 12 to about 19.8% annually. Now I want you guys to realize what
that is monthly because 12 to 19% annually might seem like a decent amount of return,
but when you look at it in retrospect on a monthly basis, he is making anywhere from 1 to 1.6%
average a month. A trader that makes 1% to 1.6% a month is a profitable trader. Take this from
the legend like somebody like Warren Buffett. Warren Buffett is a profitable trader by simply
making 1% a month. Now, if you're a trader right now and you're making 50% a month and you still
don't think you're profitable, well, you are not only a lunatic, but you're making a big mistake.
It's not about making a shit ton of percentage or making a shit,
a ton of money is about making consistent gains. Trading is like a marathon. You are here for the
long run. You're not here for the short-term gains and the quick sprints. That is not how
you become a profitable trader. That's just how you make money in the markets. Making money is
going in and out, and then you don't ever really come back and you treat it like a hobby. If you're
ready to make trading your main source of income and even replace your current income, it has to
be passion. It has to be something that you do every single day with love and care, and you do
it for the best.
Forever. You didn't do it just for a week, a month, or even a year. When you become a trader,
it is literally for life. So now that you have some context on what the actual profitable trader
is, and that it is basically a percentage game and making as small as 1% on your account monthly,
or heck even quarterly makes you a profitable trader. I want to get into the first step on
what is going to be key for you to be consistent and profitable in the markets and make these
percentages on top of your account every single month. The first one is going to be stop catching
a falling knife and stop trying to stop a rocket. If a knife is falling and you go and grab it,
what's going to happen? You're going to cut your hand because it's sharp. And as soon as you grab
it with the momentum, it's going to slice your fingers or maybe one of Elon Musk's SpaceX rockets
that is taken off going to the Mars. You're not going to stop that. That basically makes no sense.
You don't want to go against the market. You want to make sure that you're not going to be
momentum if the market is going up or if the market is going down. If you try and predict
the bottom of a market, you're going to literally lose every single time. And if you're going to
predict the top of a market, you're going to lose every single time. What makes more sense?
If a knife is falling to just continue to push it down and if a rocket is going up to continue
to push it up or completely go against the force that it's doing. Obviously, it makes more sense
to go with the momentum. It's the exact same thing in the markets. You do not want to trade
against the trend. If the market is going down, continue to sell with the market going down.
If the market is going up, continue to buy with the market going up. This is such a simple concept.
And once I truly understood this, I not only started to make so much more money with my
trading, but I started to avoid all of the small losses that continue to
eat up the momentum. And I started to avoid all of the small losses that continue to eat up the
profits that I was having. I was understanding the markets. I was predicting what they were going
to do, but I was still taking these little degenerate trades and I was going to be the
person that predicted the top and I got the sniper entry or I predicted the bottom and I
got the perfect entry. Like if that was going to make me profitable. Being a profitable trader is
not predicting the bottoms or the highs. It's about making a logical trading decision that
is going to make you money on the long run. And me catching these types of trades,
actually was doing more negative to my trading than positive because I was losing more times
every single time I would take it. And every loss that I would take, it would affect my psychology
for the next trade that I would take. So catching a falling knife is never the solution. And you
guys know Elon, you don't want to go against anything that he's doing. And catching a falling
knife or trying to stop a rocket, which is where you're trying to predict the top of the market or
predict the bottom of the market. It's where you're trying to be right. It's like you're trying to
prove a point that you're not going to be right. It's like you're trying to prove a point that you're
can predict that, okay, it's going to turn around from here and it's going to stop here.
Like that's such an ego move. And that is not going to make you profitable. Making profitable
is not on what you think or what you want to happen. What is going to happen is the trend
is going to continue going in the direction that it's going to go. And the trend is your friend.
You're going to make money by following the trend, not going against it. And trust me,
I've been there a million times where I've predicted the bottom or I've predicted the top.
And it feels good. You feel like the top G. But trading is not about feeling good. It's not about
what you want. It's about the correct thing that you're going to do in the markets to be profitable.
Do you think Warren Buffett does things to feel good for all of his investors around the world?
Fuck no. He does the right thing to make money and become and stay a profitable trader.
And this takes me to step number two, which goes perfectly hand in hand, which is the holy grail
trade. The trade that I need to make this money. I need to make back the losses that I have in the
market. I need to end off the week in profits because I have a bill to pay at the end of this
week or at the end of the month. Guys, I get it. Everybody goes into trading with a different
financial situation. Everybody goes in by wanting to make money or needing to make money. There's
people out there that get into trading that really, really, really, really,
really need the money. And the money that they invest into trading, they are not willing to
lose. And honestly, they can't even afford it. And if you're someone out there like that or
remotely close to that, you should not even start to trade because trading will take every single
dollar away from you because it is literally based off of risk. And some people just don't
know how to calculate that risk. And these traders that need that money, they're going to constantly
look for a trade so they can have that money. A holy grail.
I want to take these 50 bucks into 200 so I can pay the light bill at the end of the month or
just because I want to do it. And this is not trading. This is gambling. This is not the way
on how you're going to be a profitable trader and how you're going to be a consistent trader.
Now, don't get me wrong. Flipping accounts and growing small amounts of money is fun. I've done
it before. I've turned 100 bucks into a mill. I've taken plenty of 10K accounts to six figures.
And yes, I get it. It looks cool. It looks
fun. It gets you excited. But I do that now because it is something that I do to entertain
myself and just challenge myself. But I don't rely on this as my income from trade. It's just
a challenge that I set for myself and entertain the trading community with. But for you to be a
profitable trader, do not strive to make this your main source of income from trade. You're going to
look for this holy grail trade that you're going to go all in right now and you're going to make
this trade, make back your losses and put you on top. Chasing that feeling is going to put you in
such a deep hole that is never going to give you the clarity of the mind that you need to have to
actually take the right trade that is actually going to make you those profits. That type of
trade happens when your trading plan checks out, not when you want to go and take that trade and
make it happen. The market does not care if you're in debt. The market does not care.
If you need the money, market does not care how much you've lost, how much time you've been in
front of it. The market doesn't even know you exist. So don't take your emotions into something
that absolutely has no context on who you are and what you're going through. Make it strictly
about business and about a logical trading decision. This holy grail trade and I need this
money is not the way on how you're going to become a profitable trader. Trading is to be treated as a
business. You have to be passionate about it and you have to be ready to give
100% every single day until you truly understand the craft. The holy grail, the jackpot trade,
yes, it is a possibility. It is there. You can get that type of trade and it could happen to
everybody watching this video, but it's not sustainable. And I would not go about your
trading every single day looking for this trade, for this jackpot trade, this 10X, 20X trade.
It might be cool. It might be fun, but I would not.
Rely on this. And I will give you my word on this. If you stick around and trading long enough,
plenty of those trades will come. And I want to make something very clear on why this is
not sustainable. Personally, myself, I like to consider myself a very advanced trader. I don't
want to consider myself an expert yet. I want to have a decade into the markets and then I'll call
myself an expert. But even myself, when I tried to turn the hundred bucks into the mill, it took me
about a year and a half to complete it. I blew plenty of challenges with it. And even when I'm
into six figures, I am blowing these accounts all of the time. Because again, this is something
that I do because I accept the risk behind it and I am okay with the outcome. If I lose, cool. If I
win, cool. It's just a certain amount of money that I am okay with losing. And this is something
that is going to happen to every single trader, even if it's the Warren Buffett's of the world,
because there's no such thing as a hundred percent win rate, 90% win rate, 70% win rate.
I am a profitable trader and I successfully have turned a hundred bucks into a million with a
65 to 60% win rate. You do not need anything more than that. And it is not going to change
anything you're trading if you have a higher win rate, because the risk reward is key.
More about that later in the video. So, you know now not to rely on this holy
grill trade, but what you do need to rely on is my third step. And it's going to be
a profitable and a winning strategy. This is going to be key for you to know exactly what
you're going to do every single day when you go to the markets. And this goes with the third point,
which is do not get distracted with the shiny object syndrome. I am a victim of it. All of my
trader friends are victim of it. Plenty of traders inside of my community are a victim of it.
Many of us get click baited into following a certain strategy because that mentor on that
given day has made X amount of money. And if you want to learn from them,
go and join their program immediately. So you can have the same type of results. What ended
is either join the program and it's not good, or you just don't give it enough time for it to work.
See somebody else posting great results, have the same message, you join the program,
and now you have to completely switch your narrative from one to another.
And then you're just constantly hopping from different programs, different strategies,
just because on a specific day where the other strategy made no money, this new strategy now
made money. And you think this is going to be the solution to your problem. Losing is going to be
part of trading. You're putting something at risk. Every single time you go into the market,
it is a risk to reward business. You give something to potentially get something in return.
Now, what you put at risk is very pre-calculated and you know exactly how much you're going to
lose. And now the reward, when you come back, you measure it before you take the risk. There is no
strategy out there that is going to take that risk away. So whenever you lose with a specific
strategy or things aren't going to go the way you want them to, you're going to lose a lot of money.
You're going to lose a lot of money. You're going to lose a lot of money as you planned.
Don't switch to a different strategy. Like if that's going to be the solution to your problem,
that is literally going to change nothing. If anything, that's actually going to put you deeper
into the hole simply because you have not given the actual strategy that you're learning at that
very moment, enough time for it to play out. And you even fully understand it.
You also have to be very aware. The market moves in cycles. How the market moved in the first
three months of the year is not the same way it's going to move in the last 30 months of the year.
Q1, Q2, Q3, and Q4 are all very much different. And if you have a specific strategy in Q1 and then
another strategy in Q2 and another strategy in Q3 and another strategy in Q4, you're basically back
at square zero because when the market goes back to then January, back in Q1, you haven't done
anything. You have no history. You have no practice. You have no knowledge. Do not get the
shiny object syndrome. And whenever you're going through whatever in your trading journey, don't
look for ways that you're going to lose money. Don't look for ways that you're going to lose money.
Don't look for ways to add something or remove something. Losing is part of the game. The most
important thing is that you pre-calculate that risk very strategically and you are okay with it.
Don't constantly try and cover up a loss with an excuse or with a potential different solution.
It is not the solution to your case. Now, when you find that strategy and you start coming back
from those losses, you're going to obviously win because when you get involved into the market,
two things are going to happen. Q1, Q2, Q3, and Q4 are going to happen. Market
is either going to go up or it's going to go down. It's a 50-50. It's pretty fucking damn hard to not
even see some type of profit at one given point at a time, right? You're going to see some blues
at some point, even if you don't know anything about trading. If you click the right or wrong
button sometimes, you're going to see some blues. For sure, reds, but you will see some blues.
Now, when you do see those blues, this takes me to the next point. It's going to be,
don't get obsessed with the blues. Don't think that now because you got it, you can't let it go.
Or you let it go too soon. The next point that I want to talk about is not sudden forgetting enough
or sudden forgetting too much because this is going to be the actual secret sauce of you
becoming a profitable trader. I really did not realize this until about two and a half years
into my trading journey. I was predicting the market all the time. I knew exactly if it was
going to go up or go down. I knew exactly if it was going to go up or go down. I knew exactly
when to enter. I knew where to place my take profit. I knew where to put my stop loss.
But my issue was when I entered a trade, I would wait three days if it's in drawdown because I
never, ever wanted to close the trade in a loss. Even if it was floating inside of my stop loss
for three days, I would hold it. No issue. Because all I wanted to do was for it to go
back into profit or break even, and I would get out immediately. And guess what would happen
after I would do that? The trade would fly. I would get out immediately. And I would get out
to my take profit. What was I doing? I wasn't set on forgetting enough. Okay. I crossed over
that hurdle. I let the trades play out. I let the trade either hit my stop loss or get to my
take profit. And when trades started getting to my take profit, I was like, you know what?
I'm the shit. I want to make more money. And I was continue to hold trades past my take profit.
And guess what ended up happening? The trade would reverse all the,
all the way back into my entry level or even go to my stop loss. So I let a winning trade
turn into a losing trade. So now at this point, I had extreme frustration because I am predicting
the market. And now I am sometimes holding too much in the stop loss or holding too much in the
take profit or holding not enough inside of the take profit for me to actually close out and make
some profits. Now at this point, I know it's not me analyzing the markets. I know it's not the
It's me. I'm not set on forgetting enough or I'm set on forgetting too much. And this is what
held me back from becoming a profitable trader for the course of six months. Me realizing that when
the trade gets to my take profit, you close it. And that is it. You do not fuck with the trade in
between. If the trade is in drawdown, you let it be. If your trade is on the way to take profit,
you let it be. If your trade hits stop loss, you move on. If your trade hits take profit,
you move on. There's only four different
scenarios that are going to happen. And those are them. Now you don't do anything in between.
You're only going to do two things with your trade. One, close out of your stop loss or two,
close out of your take profit. Don't go to break even. You don't try your stop losses. You don't
do any of that shit. All that does is mess with your risk to reward on the trade that you're
taking. You take a trade, you accept the risk, you win or you lose, period. And where you truly,
truly, truly become a hyper-successor,
successful trader, and you start having results like mine, is where you find the perfect balance
in between both. Closing out of your take profit and strategically setting and forgetting through
your take profit. Now, this is something that I don't recommend beginner traders to do right off
the bat. This is something that takes time. And it's something that I recommend people to test
on a different account aside from your main one. This is something that you have to get used to
doing first, and you have to really understand how to do it technically-wise.
Because if you start to practice it on your main account where you're actually making money,
you're basically messing with your emotions and with the potential profits you're going to have
at that very point. I don't recommend you do it with demo because I don't think anything in demo
is real. And I don't think that the emotions and the type of way you're going to react in demo is
ever the same. I think you should just do it on a smaller account. So for example, let's say you
have a $10,000 personal account. That's where you're making your majority of your income from
trading. And you want to test that out. And you want to make sure that you're doing a good job of
doing that. So if you're just going to do it, you're going to make sure that you're doing a good job
and you want to test out new things on holding trades past your take profit or closing them at
certain points, you do that with a hundred dollar account. So it's live money, it's real, and you
get to see the outcome happen with real money that is yours and you have access to it immediately if
you were to want to. But if it's not going good or you're kind of learning it and you haven't
figured it out yet, well, it's only with a small account and it's not messing with the actual
profits that you have in your personal account. This is key to scaling your trading to the next
level. Set and forgetting too much is not good and not set and forgetting is also not good. Finding
the perfect balance is where your deep, deep success lies. And that basically lays it up for
my next topic, which is going to be be real with yourself. Guys, when I was working at Dunkin'
Donuts, do you think I was telling myself tomorrow we are making $100,000? Well, yes,
I'm not going to lie.
I said that to myself. And guess what happened? That did not happen. I never made $100,000 on the
next day or the next week or the next month because I was not meant for that. I was not built for that
at that very moment. I was not being real with myself. I wanted that money because I'm a young
18, 19, 20 year old in Miami seeing all this crazy lavish lifestyle and I want it,
but I am barely making $2,000, $3,000 a month.
What lets me think that I am qualified to have access to six figures at that very moment?
Nothing. I am not qualified to have six figures either in my savings, in my checkings,
in credit card. I don't have... I'm not qualified for that. I have not built the resume. I don't
have the character. I don't have the experience. At that point in time, you would have gave me
that money. I would have blown it because I would have not known what to do with it.
I was not being real with myself. And that's what happens with a lot of people.
That's what happens with a lot of people. I was not being real with myself. I was not being real with myself.
lot of you guys right now. You start seeing all of these other traders online making a shit ton
of money, supposedly, and you want to have the same thing. But you want to have the same thing
without doing what they did to get to that point. You're jealous of the results, but not of the
journey that they had to go through to get to those results. And that's exactly what happened
to me. And I only had to go through about a thousand losses for me to realize that, hey,
you know what? Let me just start off with making my first $10. Let me start off with making my first
hundred, then my first thousand, then my first 5,000, 10,020, to then where I eventually got
to the point where I made 100,000. But it took me a lot of losses for me to realize that, you know
what, Alex? Let's just be real with yourself. Let's do what you're ready to do. If I make $10 today,
or if I lose them today, it probably won't affect me. It's not a big deal.
And
I am going to build that character with time, where then I'm going to continuously raise that
bar higher and higher and higher to where then I am able to do that. But you have to create the
foundation by being real with yourself. Don't set unrealistic take profits. And because you don't
get to them, you start to beat yourself up. That I think is a bit low. And honestly,
it just shuts down your self-esteem and it's not going to help you. Beating yourself up for
something that you know deep, deep, deep, deep down.
That you won't be able to achieve it in a certain timeline. I think it's a bit douchey,
honestly. Like it's going to be an excuse that you're going to use to not continue to go forward.
Set a realistic goal. Be real with yourself. And just because you don't reach it, don't let it be
an excuse to quit. And I've heard this many times before from a lot of traders that they say, if I
don't become profitable by January of next year, I'm going to quit. And I'm like, well, dude,
you might as well quit right now. And I'm like, well, dude, you might as well quit right now. And
I'm like, well, dude, you might as well quit right now. Because you're not being real with
yourself. Why should you be profitable by January of next year? Are you going to put in the 10,000
hours? Are you going to watch all of the videos you should watch? Are you going to put in the
thousand trades? Are you going to put in your own real? Like there's so many things that have to
get done in order for you to become profitable. You can't just make a wish and then it magically
happened. You have to put in the work first. And I would put the goal that you want to achieve
and then let time do its thing.
And something to just add, or maybe even sprinkle on top of all of this is when you want to get
these tangible things, right? The cars, the watches, the lifestyle, the luxury, it's all cool.
But again, it's all just a materialistic thing at the end of the day. I'm sure you guys have
seen, I could care less about any of my supercars. I have a Lamborghini that just caught fire. I have
a Porsche that I've blown the transmission three times. I have a drift car. I have a
car that I have destroyed it 10 times. None of these materialistic things mean anything or are
going to define who you are. It's the journey that you're going to go through that is going to define
who you are and then normalize all of these materialistic things that you want. What is going
to get you these materialistic things is not the urge for wanting them. It's for the journey that
you go through that is going to give you the success to just make these things fall in your lap.
I, at one point,
I really wanted to have a fleet of supercars. And even when I became a profitable trader,
that I was making money over and over and over every single month, and I'm constantly having
profits and flipping accounts and scaling, I didn't really have a fleet of supercars until
about five years into my trading journey, until I was a whole two and a half years now profitable.
I'm talking about two and a half years learning and two and a half years profitable.
Now is when all of these cars are just falling on my lap and I'm buying them like,
if they were a pair of shoes. And I kind of had a reality check the other day. And it was like,
wow, I remember when I was making money, as I started trading, I really wanted all these cars,
but I just wasn't making enough money trading to afford all of them. And now it's at the point
where I don't even care about them. I'm getting them all by accident. I'm buying them, just adding
them to the cart and they just get shipped to my house. And when they get here, I'm like,
I liked more when I was actually working to get to that point and enjoying the journey.
So you,
will get those materialistic things that you want, but you're not going to get it by just wanting
them. You're going to get it by going through the journey to actually get them. And believe me,
when I say this at the end of the day, when you're sitting in the Lambo in traffic out of
red light with a bunch of NPCs, you're going to enjoy more the journey that got you to that Lambo
than actually driving the Lambo, but not right away, probably a year after you have it, but
you'll get there soon. Don't even worry about it. And lastly, and most definitely not least probably
one of my favorite topics in order for things in your life to change, you have to change things
in your life. And truthfully, this kind of quote that I personally think I am the
founder of it, I believe, or I could be totally fucking wrong.
I really put it into test about a couple of weeks ago, where I bumped into one of my high school
colleagues that I had a couple of years ago at a gas station. And I opened the door to this gas
station. And I opened the door to this gas station. And I opened the door to this gas station.
And I opened the door to this gas station. And I opened the door to this gas station. And I am a gentleman
and I let the person that's going to walk out, walk out, and then I walk in, get my snack,
put gas and then leave. And as I opened the door, the person that is standing right in front
of me is all dirty and a mechanic here and basically looks really bad and fat. And I'm like,
sir, like, are you going to get out? And he's like, Alex, and I'm like, oh shit,
I don't know who the fuck this is. And I look up and I'm like, holy shit, I'm not gonna say this,
name. But I'm like, dude, I remember you from high school. What's up, bro?
Start talking for a couple of minutes. And he like in his eyes, he had like these like tears,
right? Like he he didn't want to cry. But like, I saw his eyes get watery. And he's like, look,
bro, I'm just very happy for you, bro. I see so many things that have changed in your life.
And I just wanted to say I wish I did what you did. I am a mechanic right now. I have two kids
with two different baby mamas. I am working. I have two kids with two different baby mamas.
I am working two jobs, a mechanic and Ubering, and I could barely make it. And I wish I would
have changed my habits early on than what I decided to just be comfortable and continue
to stay how I was. He was still smoking weed. He was still hanging around with the same people.
And he was literally not doing anything productive. And it got him to a point where now
he is basically stuck. He feels like he cannot get out of that. And he definitely can't. But,
in his mind, he feels like he fucked up for life and he's done. But he got to that point because
the foundation that he created in high school, when he was smoking weed and being with the
people that he wasn't supposed to be, he is now still in there because he never changed things in
his life. So his results never changed. I wasn't around the best people in high school, but I
wasn't around the worst either. And I was skipping school. I was smoking weed. I was doing dumb stuff.
When I left high school, I realized that, hey, things in my life have to change. And in order
for that, I have to change things in my life. I cut out the bad friends. I cut out doing
irresponsible things, stopped smoking weed, stopped drinking, stopped doing nothing that
didn't do me any better. And guess what happened? Things in my life changed because I changed things
in my life. And after I had a five minute conversation with this guy, I basically gave
him some tips and stuff. But what I really, really,
really embedded into his head was like, look, bro, if you want things in your life to change,
stop doing the same bullshit. And I saw him walking out of the gas station with these
raw papers, which are things where you're going to break up the weed and smoke it.
And I'm like, dude, like, you're still doing the same shit. Like, is it worth getting high
for 30 minutes and just watching Netflix and getting hungry? And he looks at me, he's like,
bro, you know what? It's not. And he got it and he threw it away. Now, I don't know if tomorrow's
going by it again or do whatever, but at least he did a small start to get started.
And that's, I feel like all somebody needs to really get that fire in them fueled up
so they can start having this compound effect for positivity and start changing things in your life.
When people start going downhill, they go downhill really fast. Like they start getting
into one thing and that leads to another and another and another. But that also happens
uphill. And the momentum uphill is actually a lot better because you start not only changing
yourself, but your surroundings and the people around for me. So something that's small like that,
I realize it could have changed his whole entire day, maybe his whole entire week and month.
And I hope to bump into him soon and he's doing something different, but
the foundation is built by, if you want for things in your life to change,
you have to change things in your life. And truthfully, if you can have one takeaway from
all of these different tips that I gave you inside of this, I would say this last one is by far,
the most important. And I hate to mention this right now, because really I'm not the type of guy
that's like, yo, my program is the best. It's really not like, I really hate to say this, but
like I have literally taken people that know absolutely nothing from trading and have nowhere
to start to going to making the first five, 10, 15 K in a month in the first year of trading.
Inside of my program, I have a psychology series and I just say this because I've never talked
about it. I have a psychology series that I created.
When I was in my upcoming years as a trader, like literally when you see the videos, you see Alex G
in 2020, 2021, and you see this kid that he is literally having that breakthrough.
Like you can see it in his eyes that he has, he just figured this shit out. He knows what to do.
He just knows he has to do it for a little bit more time and he's going to start having results.
And I've tried to recreate these videos before and make them, you know, a lot more higher
production and a better scenario, but it's just,
not authentic. It's not real. Like I can not, even if I were to just write down everything I
said in those videos and replicate it, it won't come out the same because I just am in a different
head space right now. Like I can take you from level 100 to a thousand right now with my
psychology, but the videos inside of my program literally will take you from zero to a hundred
because I am inside of this beginner trader that is cracking out of a shell.
And I just happened to be very fortunate to have documented all of those different videos.
Showcasing what I'm learning, practicing and teaching to people all around the world.
So if you guys want to know more about my psychology series or the actual set and
forget program that, you know, takes traders all around the world to get the first thousand to
thousand five hundred dollars a week, make sure you guys check out the link in the description
below. It is there for you guys. It's a video that explains absolutely everything.
And I hope to see you guys inside or in another one of my videos, make sure to hit that like and
subscribe button. If you guys like these types of videos, let me know as well in the comments below,
because it keeps me up to date. And I'll see you guys in the next one.
Keep me motivated. Keeps me going to doing them.
And truthfully, if you like it, I'll even do another one, even deeper, taking guys from
one hundred to one thousand. Thank you guys very much. And I'll see you guys in the next one.


==============================
VIDEO 059 — The Easiest Way to Make Money Online in 2025 (Beginner's Guide)-yFkNBR1gZnI
==============================

At the time of this recording, it's 2025 and everybody and their mother is looking for
different ways on how to make money outside of the traditional route. Having to go to school,
having to get a degree, and having to work a nine to five, which people are now realizing
that they're exchanging a lot of their time for a very little amount of money. People are realizing
that there's other alternatives out there and following the traditional route is not going to
give them the life that they want. Now, I'm not like other people out there that are completely
against colleges and completely against the school system. I personally support it. I believe
that we need doctors that go and study medicine so they're able to take care of six people.
I believe that we need engineers so they are constantly studying and innovating on how to
create new buildings and roads. I believe that we need engineers so they are constantly
I believe we need lawyers and I believe we need scientists so law is continuously respected
and healthcare and medicine is constantly innovating. The school system is created for
those that want a secure and guaranteed income, which there is nothing wrong with that because
these people are happy in their nine to fives, they're happy in their routine, and they're happy
being secure. They don't have to worry about doing nothing other.
And going to the job, completing their work and going back home. Some people find a lot of pleasure
in that and those people will not be watching this video. You're watching this video because
you are skeptical of entering this world or you have been in this world and you want to break out
of it. And you want to find a different alternative on how to live your dream life because you're
either going to spend years getting a degree that you will truthfully never get. Or you're going to
never use. And you're going to end up at a job, which is not what you envision yourself to be
doing. And as you're in this job, you're not feeling how you thought you would feel after
years of school, after hundreds of thousand dollars in debt, and truthfully not living the
life that you want to live because now you're living for this job. So you have this guaranteed
income. You're here because you want something better and you know there's something better.
And there's nothing against the school system,
because there's people out there that are very happy with their, the way their life is, but not
you. You want something better and you know that you're capable of doing it. And there's a different
route on how for you to get it. Now, obviously there is exceptions out there. Let's say you take
path A, where you would go to college, you would get a degree, you would get a job. If you are
really dedicated to your craft and you really deeply love it, and you see an opportunity for
innovation and you want to be better,
you will then figure out a way on how to make a business out of it and how to create different
sources of income around it. But the majority of people are scared of taking risk, are scared to
putting at jeopardy their security from this job and truthfully don't want to lose time or money.
So the majority of them just stay in the exact same spot and just wait enough time in order for
them to get a promotion or wait for a window to open so they make money on overtime. Now,
those people that really
excel onto the next level, it's really all up to them and how optimistic they are.
And now let's put into example path B, where you ended up either going to college and getting a
degree that really did nothing for you, or you didn't end up getting a degree at all.
Now you're probably in a very mid to average job paying you minimum wage or a little bit more,
and it's not enough for you and it not making ends meet. Now you might think that just because
you're in this position that you will never be successful. And that's actually not the truth.
There is many cases out there, how somebody can go into a restaurant and just be someone helping in
the kitchen. They find a lot of passion for making this food and they decided that now they're going
to take risks and go open their own restaurant. And as soon as they open this restaurant,
it's a hit, because they're passionate about it. They love what they do and they're taking
risks being innovative and are very dedicated to it. But again, this is very small percentage like
it. If you're in path a or in path B, you are going to do this at least a few times of your lifetime.
1% are dedicated to this but we, again, this is a very small percentage. Like if you're in path a or in path B, you think if you do this, you can come across opportunity saying this is definitely going to matter.
in path a or in path b it's a very specific and elite type of person that gets to this point but
for the rest they are always constantly looking for a different way on how to make money i have
personally never met anybody that is in a secure and guaranteed income after somebody that graduated
college that does not look for a different way on how to make money a new way on how to add a source
of income for them without them putting at jeopardy their guaranteed source of income and the same
thing goes for those that did not go to college and have an average job they're constantly always
finding new ways on how to get an added source of income so whether you went on path a or whether
you went on path b they both ended up in the exact same spot you end up in a video like this trying to
find a new way on how to make money online or how to make any type of money outside of what you
currently do
you chose path a your path b on path a you are in hundred thousand dollars of debt years lost by
getting experience and knowledge that do nothing for you and if you went on path b you wasted time
at a job that you probably never loved and just did it for the money and you never really learned
the skill set and you ended up at the exact same spot so whether you're on path a or path b you're
still looking for the same solution and this is the harsh reality somebody that can study six years
to become a nurse after them graduating and working at a hospital for two three years they
end up not liking it but they end up feeling in depth with themselves with their family with their
colleagues where they have to stay at that job to now pay back the depth of these six years but
they're gonna keep looking for different ways on how to get out of that job because just inside of
them they can't envision themselves working here for the next 30 years until they can retire because
those first 10 years alone is just depends on how how far you can go and what you could wanna put on
when you're retirement but at the same time you're having your interests at stake where you want to
be at risk when you begin working in a past of not making any of the gains or there's a lot of
while so that's part of my path because if all of it is added to that noise is mainly�
back the student debt and somebody on path b where they did not go to college at all they're
working at a very average job they're literally living paycheck to paycheck and they're not happy
at all with their lives and they're almost regretting that they didn't go to college
and pursue something so they could have made a better income for themselves thinking that if
they would have gone to college they would have had a better outcome but little do they know
that both people are in the exact same spot some studied more others worked more and they both want
the same thing a different way on how to make money online and the easiest alternative to making
more money is going online nobody thinks for them to make more money they have to work harder they
understand that for them to actually live the life that they want they have to stop exchanging time
for money their time is the most valuable asset that they have
and if they're constantly clocking in somewhere and they're losing anywhere from eight to nine
hours of their day they're only left with so much more time for them to become a better person
so people understand in order for them to become more successful and make more money
they have to go online online has been the craziest land of opportunity where people that
have gone on path a have studied and hated their job ended up leaving and becoming successful
and you have people on path b that didn't go to college don't know anything about school
they have to go to college and they have to go to college they have to go to high school
how do you if you're on path b that's not making much money but you're on path b that's not making much money
and found the niche and they ended up making millions online. Online is the land of opportunity
and I'm not talking about creating a e-commerce store where you have to buy stuff from online
and resell them online. That's burnt out. The opportunity there is really not it. I'm not
talking about creating your own marketing agency where you have to constantly be scaling and
selling yourself and looking for different people to market stuff for them and deal with them and
hire people. I'm not talking you create your own product or your own brand where you have to create
your own designs, hire a team, and invest money in order for you to maybe see something in return.
I'm not talking any of these things online. And I'm definitely not talking about creating
something super innovative like a new Facebook or a new app. Going online, you don't have to create
something new from scratch. Using everything that's out there with a profitable skill set
is more than enough to make
me happy.
Millions without you having to create anything on your own. You just use what's already out there
for your benefit. I became extremely successful and how I've made over $20 million at the age of
24 is by learning a skill set and by using what's out there on the internet. I have not created
anything. I haven't even used the AI in my advantage. I'm doing it old school, learning
what's out there, putting it together, and making it something. And it's trading. I'm going to tell
you straight up how it is. I'm not going to convince you.
Maybe that I have some state-of-the-art advanced technology or something that I found in the back
of a book or something that I heard in a meeting with millionaires. Nope. I figured out how to
create an edge in the markets when I would go trade. And I've been doing this consistently for
the last six years. And it has made me millions without me having to hire a team, without me
having to speak to anybody, without me having to leave my house. I've made $20 million in my
underwear from the
office of my home as a 24-year-old that did not go to college and just seven years ago was working at
Dunkin' Donuts. If you don't think it's possible, I don't know what else to tell you. And to be fully
transparent and be as real and raw as it gets, that's exactly what this video is about. This
video is about trading. I'm going to tell you exactly what trading really is after seven years
in the markets as a 24-year-old. I'm going to tell you what it's not and what critics out there
make it seem to be.
And the reality of how you're trading is going to be. Just because I became a millionaire doesn't
mean that you are. Is the opportunity for you to become a millionaire there? Yes. But only if you
do the right steps. And now, don't get me wrong. Some people just want to make enough money so
they leave their job. Let's say you're making $5,000, $6,000 a month. They just want to make
that so you don't have to go back to work. And maybe they aspire to make a little bit more,
like $10,000 a month, which is every person's first goal to feel.
Like they're very successful. And truthfully, I thought that was enough too at first. But then
when you spend more time in it and you see the more opportunities, that continues to raise and
raise and raise very fast. And now I'm at the point where I want it all. But the opportunity
is for you to set your own cap on how much you want to make and on how fast you want to get
there. You're not being capped by a system or by somebody that doesn't let you get to the next
level. You are the person that is going to get there. You are the person that is going to get
to let yourself get to that next level or not. I'm explaining all of that in this video. And I want
to emphasize the impact and the importance of this opportunity with the skill set that I'm about to
teach you. This is pandemic proof. This is recession proof. This is any economical situation
proof. This is an opportunity that doesn't matter where you are in the world. You're going to be
able to make money no matter what. It is something that's going to be automated into your lifestyle
and is fully available to you. And I'm going to explain all of that in this video. And I want to
emphasize that. If you want to make money, you will. If you don't want to make money, you won't.
It's never going to go out of style and it's never going to be forgotten. And now I'm going to ask
you a question. Do you remember your life before you knew how to walk? Do you remember your life
before you knew how to talk? No, right? Because you've been doing it for so long that it just
became part of your life. It's made you who you are. This video is going to do the exact same
thing. Inside of this video, I'm going to open up something in your mind that you're not going to
where it's gonna completely change the journey of your life your mind now is
going to be curious on how can you unlock this skill set in order for you
to actually live the life that you want to live get out of the job that you're
currently in I'm gonna unlock this drive and curiosity that you were born with
you just needed a video like this to give you a reality check and let you
know that you're capable of doing it you just need somebody to show you how to
do it now this is what I'm gonna be offering you I'm gonna teach you exactly
how you can earn the money and where does it even come from because obviously
money doesn't come from thin air and nobody is gonna be just giving you money
because you're going to trade there's a lot of conspiracy theories around this
is the money even real since it's digital and believe me the money is real
I'm gonna teach you exactly about that I'm gonna teach you exactly what a
profitable skill set in trading is and what is not
you
because people think just because a chart is going up you should buy or
because a chart is going down you should sell that is not how these things work
that is not how I became successful in trading I'm gonna teach you exactly how
to do it I'm gonna explain to you the most common scams in the industry
there's a lot of people out here that get convinced that they're going to be
rich overnight and I'm sadly here to tell you that you're not
you have the opportunity to be successful if you put in the work if
you don't you simply won't be there's no get rich quick scheme and I'm not
guaranteeing you anything remotely near that if you don't put in the work you
will not be successful I'm going to be breaking down and exposing on why
trading is the most profitable and easiest skillset to obtain for anybody
around the world it doesn't matter your age doesn't matter your level of knowledge and
it does not matter how much time you have available to this skill set trading caters to absolutely everybody
that really wants to learn and truthfully the most important thing I'm going to be teaching you
how you can learn so you can start making money in 2025 with the exact same skill set that made
me over 20 million dollars in the last seven years of my trading career and oh boy has it
been a bumpy journey and before we get started and I gave you context on everything I just mentioned
you're probably wondering who is this guy and why should I even listen to him is he even credible
my name is Alex g and if you don't know who I am I am a 24 year old trader born and raised in
Miami that just wanted to be very successful and he did not want to let his path to be successful
effect on how he lived his life and I live my life pretty lavishly you've probably seen
me run on the Super Bowl why because why not you've probably seen me do donuts and Bugattis
and my Lambos Porsches why because
not. You've probably seen me do a lot of things that a regular successful person won't do because
they're very uptight and want to be corporately and publicly seen correct. Not me. I am very
successful and I'm very happy with my current state because I'm myself. I don't let the money
change who I am and I don't let the money define who I am. I am who I am. The money just gives me
access to better toys and do funnier things, but I will never let the money change who I am
or define it. So I am Alex G, a 24 year old trader that likes to make a shit ton of money
and live lavish. And that's just my public resume. This is just the life that I like to live with the
results that I get from trading. But when it comes to trading, I've done many legendary challenges
and stuff that I personally never thought I'd be able to achieve. I've turned a hundred dollars
into a million in
90 days. I've had half a million dollar days. I've streamed for 48 hours in front of tens of
thousands of people showing my trades live where I was turning $400,000 into a million dollars.
Truthfully, I've done more than I expected that I would be doing at the age of 24. And even
something that I don't really like to brag about, I have traveled around the whole entire world
teaching hundreds, thousands of people,
showing them how to trade. And I've done more than I expected that I would be doing at the age
of 24, showing them this skill set in person, shaking their hand completely for free and giving
them context on what trading is and how it can change your lives. Why did I do this truthfully?
Because I love what I do. And I did all of this completely for free. And as time went on,
hundreds of thousands of people started following me and were willing to pay me for my knowledge.
And I was almost shocked because I didn't know the impact that was making on people.
That's where I ended up making a community where now we have tens of thousands of people that are
willing to pay me for my knowledge. And that's where I ended up making a community where now we have
tens of thousands of students all around the world enjoying the fruits of the labor of following this
strategy. A strategy that I personally made by myself after being a negative and unprofitable
trader for a little over two years, because at the beginning of my journey, I did not make any
money. I was actually a consistently unprofitable trader for nearly two years after I finally
figured out how to make an edge and then how to actually become a profitable trader.
So this is a very over the
top explanation on who I am and how I got here and how I am qualified and valid to be teaching you
this new skill set that you're going to abstain and be executing in 2025.
So I'm going to start off with the most obvious. What trading is not. Trading is not a scam.
Trading is not Bitcoin. Trading, you're not actually trading or exchanging something.
You're not actually buying. You're not actually trading. You're not actually trading. You're not
owning. You're not actually owning or owning anything. You're not actually selling anything.
You're not actually really doing anything other than just betting. So Bitcoin is its
own cryptocurrency. Stocks are their own individual markets. Then you have futures
indices. Then you have what I do. Currency trading. When you're currency trading,
you're trading one currency versus the other. For example, Euro USD. You're trading
the Euro versus the dollar, the dollar versus the Euro. So Euro USD is just like Muhammad Ali and
Mike Tyson. Muhammad Ali and Mike Tyson are in a fight. Sometimes Muhammad is winning, sometimes
Mike is winning, and the battle goes back and forth. Same thing on Euro USD. Sometime the Euro
gets stronger, sometime the dollar gets stronger. They're constantly in a fight back and forth. Now
the only difference in between these two is that Muhammad Ali and Mike Tyson get tired, and they
have to take a break, and the fight comes to an end, and there's a winner. When it comes to the
markets, they never get tired, they never stop, and there's never a winner. Markets are constantly
fighting up and down, and all you simply have to do is bet which one is going to get stronger.
And it can be for a very short period of time, it can be for a longer period of time, or it can be
for a very long period of time. And it can be for a very long period of time, or it can be for a
long period of time. You define on how long that period is going to be. For example, you can bet
that Mike Tyson is going to beat Muhammad Ali in the next 30 minutes or in the next hour or two
hours, that his points will be higher than Muhammad's in X amount of time. Do that exact
same thing, but with the markets and the markets never end, never close. And there is thousands
of different markets out there, meaning the opportunities are absolutely endless. And that's
actually what trading is. When you're betting on Muhammad Ali and Mike Tyson, at no point do you
ever own a piece of Muhammad Ali or Mike Tyson. That would be insane. Same thing when you're
trading the markets. When you buy a market or sell a market, at any given point are you ever
actually owning any euro or selling any dollar. You're just betting the
market is going to either go up or go down. And keep in mind, since the markets are never ending,
you're never late to entering the market. It's not like a fight in Muhammad Ali or Mike Tyson,
that there's five rounds of five minutes each. For example, you have only a certain period of time
to enter a bet before the fight's over. And then you lose out on your opportunity. In the markets,
you're never late. Whether you start right now, whether you start at an hour in a month in a year,
you're never late. The opportunity is never over. You're never late. The opportunity is never over.
The opportunities are always there because the markets are always open. And that's really what
trading is. Trading is not a pyramid scheme. Trading is not multi-level marketing. Trading
is not a software or an automation of bot that will trade for you. Trading is when you bet that
something is going to go up or that something is going to go down. Trading you can do from
anywhere in the world. You just need a computer and Wi-Fi. That is simply it. You don't need
to enter in a call with people. You don't need to enter in a call with people. You don't need to
hire somebody. You don't need to have a manager. You don't need to have a supervisor. You don't
need to have a boss. You don't need to have anything. It's just you and the charts. So at
this point, like, wow, that's pretty easy. What do I need to actually start trading? Well, I'm
going to tell you what you don't need. You don't need a college degree. You don't need to be good
at math. For some very odd reason, people think you need to be good at math to trade. I don't know
why. At no given point are you ever going to be good at math. You don't need to be good at math.
doing any complex equations or any equations at all. You don't need to keep up with the news
or constantly be on top of the newspaper and reading articles. All of that is simply a waste
of time. And the last and the one that drives me the craziest, you do not need to be in front of
the computer all day in order for you to make money and become a profitable trader. All you
need to actually trade the market is going to be a computer, a couple hundred bucks to trade,
because truthfully, you need money to make money. This is not something that's going to come out of
thin air. You need Wi-Fi and you need anywhere from one to two hours every single day. Now,
the key with those one to two hours is not whenever you are available. It's whenever the
markets are in the right trading sessions in order for you to trade. And the most important above all
is a winning strategy. You can have everything that I just mentioned, but if you don't have a
successful, you're going to simply just waste time and waste a lot of your money. And the best
analogy that I can put for this is imagine you're going head to head with Mike Tyson. You know all
the rules of the game. You know that you're going to be wearing gloves. You know you can't
be throwing kicks. You know there's certain rounds, but you haven't been training and you
don't have any stamina and you don't have any punching power or any practice. What's going to
happen? Mike Tyson is going to knock you the fuck out. The markets will do the exact same thing to
you if you do not have a winning strategy. You're going to be wearing gloves. You're going to be
winning strategy. This is so key to longevity and becoming a profitable trader. And now knowing
that the strategy is the most important thing, I'm going to explain to you how mine works. Mine
lets me make anywhere from $300,000 to even $700,000 in one single week at a time. Now my
strategy consists of three very strong, very simple, but extremely key foundations in trading
as a whole. And if I don't have a winning strategy, I'm going to be winning. And if I don't have a
winning strategy, I can't move on to the next. Let me explain. The first thing of my strategy is
going to be the trend. If the trend is not in my favor, I cannot execute a trade. But let me give
you an example. If the market is heading to the upside, I should only be looking for buys. If the
market is heading to the downside, I should only be looking for sales. For some reason, a lot of
traders believe because the market has hit a low that they should buy there because the market has
to go up. Or because the market has hit a high that they should sell there because the market
has to come back down. And this could be nothing further from the truth. And this is where 99% of
traders will make their first fatal mistake on having a profitable strategy like mine. Because
the key to this is trading with the trend. The trend is your friend. And the best analogy I can
put with this is a surfer. If I am a surfer, my job as a surfer is to go to the beach, get into the
ocean, let a wave arise, and I surf the wave. If the wave is heading east to shore, and I want to
go west, what's going to happen? I'm surfing against the wave. So I'm going to probably fall
and get eaten by a shark. The easiest thing is to surf the wave east as it's going. Then it's the
exact same thing with the wave. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm
with the markets. If the markets are all heading to the upside, why do I want to do the complete
opposite? I'm going to risk money that I shouldn't, and I'm going to lose. So I simply continue to
trade with the trend and follow its direction. This is the first step in my strategy, and it is
the most fundamental and important. Because if I don't have the trend, then I can't go into
the next step, which is going to be the area of interest. Now, the area of interest is as important
as the trend. Because once again, let's say you're a surfer and you're out in the ocean and
there is loads of waves. And as soon as this wave approaches you, if you don't have a specific area
where you're going to enter this wave, two things are going to happen. You're either going to enter
too early or too late, which ultimately means that you missed the wave and you couldn't ride the wave
to the shore. It's the exact same thing in trading. It's the exact same thing with my strategy. I can
trade the trend in my favor, but if I don't have a very specific and detailed area of interest,
I can completely miss a trade. A trade can either have a move too early or too late if I don't place
the area of interest correctly. So you can even be in the right direction of the market, but if
you don't have the area of interest, you don't have a trade. So now in the event that let's say
you do have a perfect area of interest and now price is there, then comes the final and most
important step. And just like the last one, if you don't have
the trade at the area of interest, you cannot then go to the third step, which is the entry
signal. So right back to the surfing analogy, you can have the waves going east in your direction.
You can have the entry point right where you're going to enter the wave. But if you're not on your
board properly, if you don't have the strap tied around your foot, you simply cannot enter that
wave. You're not ready to enter at that area of interest because you can either fall and lose
your board. Same exact thing happens in the markets. You can have the trend in your favor, you can have
the area of interest, but if the market does not present to you that entry signal at the area of
interest, you simply do not take a trade. Every single step is a chain reaction. You need one to
have the other to have the other. And all three of those collectively together give you a very high
probability trade setup, which gives you more odds of winning than losing. Now, when you surfer wave,
you're going to fall. It's part of the process. When you trade, you're going to lose. It's part of
the process. What the strategy does is it minimizes the amount of times you lose and maximizes the
amount of times you win. So to summarize, the strategy consists of trend, area of interest,
and entry signal. You need each one to go to the next one. And I will never take a trade unless I
have all three of them. Thanks to that, I've been able to make over $20 million in the markets,
and you have somebody like Mike, for example, that they have become a six-figure trader,
thanks to following the strategy by just following it in six months. And you have somebody like Alec,
which he was a full-time worker, and then he actually ended up becoming a six-figure trader
as he had a full-time job, because the strategy gives you the opportunity for you to actually be
able to work your job and execute the trades in the markets at the same time, because you only
need anywhere.
From one to two hours every single day to be trading. You don't have to be stuck in front
of the computer all day. And at this point, you're probably asking yourself the question,
is it even worth it for me to actually get into this skillset and get involved into trading? I've
heard it's very risky. I've heard a lot of people have lost money in it. Can I even become successful?
Well, let me explain. One of the very cool and main reasons you should is because of the
geographical freedom you have.
You can trade from anywhere in the world. All you need is a laptop and Wi-Fi. And let's be honest,
99% of the places where you could go in the world will let you have your laptop and will let you
get access to Wi-Fi so you can connect to the markets at any given point. In addition to that,
depending on where you are in the world, certain trading sessions are in your advantage. The odds
of you becoming successful in trading are a lot higher than people in certain parts of the world.
At this point, it is very hard for me to trade one of the highest volume sessions called London
Session because it's in the middle of the night for me. It initiates at two in the morning. But
for example, somebody in London, it's the middle of the day for them, 10 in the morning, and they
can very easily access it. So it's something that you have great advantage or maybe even a
disadvantage based off of where you are in the world. But the beauty of it is that you can access
it from wherever and whenever you want. So if you're not in London,
you want to trade in the mornings, you can just get on a quick flight and you're there and you
trade from there. You're not attached to an office. You're not attached to a machine. You're
not attached to a boss. You're not attached to a system. It's whenever you want to access it,
and it is accessible 24-7 from wherever in the world, from your phone, from your laptop,
from your Apple Watch, from your desktop. And truthfully, once you become a trader,
traveling around the world becomes essentially free. You're a trader,
you make money, you can go anywhere you want. It gives you the freedom of you being able to do
whatever you want. I've been able to travel over 15 different countries in the span of just one
single year, and I only get one-way flights. I get a one-way, I get an Airbnb, and when I'm
ready to leave, I leave to the next spot. I don't have anybody telling me when to go back. I don't
have to go back. I do whatever I want when I want. And that ties into how much money you will even
make. As you travel to different places in the world, you start
opening your eyes to different visions, to different traditions, different cultures,
which will ultimately make you more money because your mindset is being open to something new.
And you put the cap on how much you want to make. There is an infinite access to how much money you
can make in the markets. Just depends on when you're ready to click that buy or click that
sell button. However, other business models don't get anywhere near on how profitable trading is.
For example, e-commerce, crypto, Airbnb management, SMMA, and even personal brand development have no
comparison to the leverage you could have from trading alone. Let me break it down.
If you were to create an e-com store, you have a starting capital of anywhere from $5,000. And
your margins, depending on how good you are, could be anywhere from 15 to 30%. And what you need to
start in order for you to earn money,
is a lot. You have to create a store, you have to get a business, you have to get a credit card,
you have to get employees, a team, do market research. You need a lot of things in order
for you to be successful. And the risk associated with this is very high. And a lot of them get
shut down because they don't even know how to properly run ads. And Facebook just ends up
closing it down because they see it as a very high risk business or maybe even a scam. And
the scalability of it is somewhat medium where you are able to scale if you can properly make
money. It's actually very difficult. Crypto, on the other hand, is a very different starting
capital. It could be anywhere from $1,000 to about $10,000. The benefit of it is that you
have a 100% margin because you don't really have to pay anybody. You're just investing into some
coins and realistically just hoping that it gets up. What you need to get started is really
nothing other than your computer. And this is the closest one that gets the trading. But the
reality of the situation is that it is nothing compared to it.
What you need to succeed is somewhat luck, market volatility, and very, very, very deep
investigation on the right coins. The risk associated with crypto is extremely high.
And then you're actually buying something, you're obtaining it, and you're holding it for
longer periods of time. Scalability is high, but it is very, very risky. Airbnb management,
I personally know from personal experience, starting capital is
a very, very low minimum of $5,000 and can scale way past a hundred thousand dollars.
Margins if you're good and you have really, really lucky months can be as high as 40%,
but a very, very low average is 15%. What you need in order to actually make a lot of money
with Airbnb management is a lot. You need a good marketer, you need a good content creator,
and a very good cleaning lady. And you personally need a
good location in hopes that the algorithm in airbnb will list your property the risk associated
is very high because you either have to sign a lease do rental arbitrage or even buy your own
property not even knowing if people would want to rent it out and the scalability is extremely low
because you can only buy so many properties at a time and you can only manage so many properties
at a time next we have smma which starting capital truthfully is nothing you just need a
decent amount of knowledge for you to be able to actually get your first clients and be able
to manage them margins can be anywhere from 30 to 60 just depends on how good this brand is it's
going to require a lot of your time and you will definitely hit a cap simply because you could only
scale so much by the knowledge that you have and the risk associated with this
is
very high along with reputational costs because a lot of brands do not let your skills enough
time in order for them to actually flourish and scalability like i just mentioned is very low
because truthfully you can only manage so many people because you only have so many hours in
the day before you burn out and next we have personal brand which many think is a great skill
set which it is but there's a lot of cons with it the starting capital is anywhere from a thousand
to five thousand dollars
and you really just have to invest in a camera and in your self-confidence a lot of people out there
they really don't want to be in front of the camera because they just want to make money by
themselves and live their life privately the benefits of it is you will keep 100 margin because
whatever you make yourself off of your brand you simply keep
and what you need in order to make money is a lot more than even a business you need to
have an idea you need to have a strategy you need to have content editors marketers
thumbnail creators script writers copywriters editors there's so much required to building a
personal brand that the risk associated with it isn't high because the only thing that you're
putting at risk is just your name but the scalability is very low unless you have a
big team and big ideas and big marketing it is very hard to make it and then last
but definitely not least is the most profitable skill ever trading starting capital is going to be
anywhere from a hundred bucks to a thousand dollars and the reason why it could be so low
is because with trading currencies many brokers give you the option to leverage trade where you
can actually leverage your money a lot more than you could in any other business or any
other market your margin is a hundred percent because whatever you make on trading is whatever
you keep what you need in order to actually start making money is nothing other than yourself and a
strategy the risk associated with it tend to be low and on the medium side simply because you
pre-calculate every trade before you execute it and before you execute it you know exactly how
much you are going to be risking so you know exactly what you can possibly lose and the
scalability very very high and at this point you're probably even asking if this is for you
and could it even happen to you well it happened to ricky ricky has a
yoghurt and a realtor he had very little time in order for him to access trading nonetheless
practice and learn a strategy after ricky being part of the community and learning the strategy
in just under six months ricky has been able to surpass his income as a full-time realtor now he's
able to leverage his time spending more time with his family making more money from trading and not
leaving his passion as being a realtor so he's able to make the deals that he really wants to
in real estate make the hereles house investment ETF out right now the market zien starts out in
Nancy JD in the early season and news speak participating in other podcasts as well but the
amount of money that he wants from trading and spend all the time he wants
with his family and his kids. And I know this might sound crazy right now,
but I can almost guarantee you that you will not lose money with this business
model. Probably wondering how, if I have to trade,
I have to put money in the market. Well,
before you enter any trade into the market,
you have to learn how to precalculate your risk on your account.
And when you precalculate your risk,
you know exactly how much you're going to be losing and then how much you're
going to be gaining. If, for example,
let's say you have a 50% win rate,
which is very below average in the industry, say out of 10 trades,
let's say you lose six trades and then you win four.
You would think that if you lose more than you win,
then you would be unprofitable and you would lose money.
That's actually completely false because every single time that you would lose,
you would lose minus one, for example,
and you're minus six and every single time,
you win it's times two. So here you have two, four, six, eight.
You have just made back with four wins,
the six losses, and you are still profitable. Two points.
That my friends is called risk to reward and the profitable risk management
managing.
This is what has led me to make millions in the markets and constantly stay
profitable.
There's times where I have lost seven trades in a row.
And just winning three has made back those losses and
left me in far more profit. Now, all this might sound very cool,
but you're probably like, Alex, I have a full-time job. I still go to school.
I might even have a family that I have to take care of.
How am I going to be able to fit my schedule to learning this new skill set?
Well, truthfully, it's actually far more simple than you can imagine.
Since you don't have to manage a team.
So you don't have to hire people.
You don't have to create systems. You don't have to speak to anybody.
You know when you're available and you know, when you have free time.
And in that free time,
you have to dedicate anywhere from one to two hours every single day without
stopping to learn the skill set and watch the markets.
The secret is in the pudding.
You have to watch the markets in order for you to know what's going to happen
next in the markets. Now,
it doesn't mean you have to be glued to the screen in order for you to actually
make money,
but you have to have this connection with the market.
It's where you see it for a long periods of time,
where you start to enter this flow and you start to understand the markets
where then you can start executing a strategy.
You won't need to spend any more than one to two max three hours every single
day in order for you to learn this skill set in under six months.
For example, let's just take Mike again.
He started knowing absolutely nothing of trading in the middle of Alberta,
Canada,
where nobody there really knows how to even access.
The internet's and when,
how to nonetheless even trade,
he knew nothing about trading.
And in his first three months,
he turned a thousand dollars into a hundred and $20,000 by
him simply being available,
learning the skill set and executing the strategy while nobody in his family
believed in him and nobody in his family even knew what he was doing.
And as I've met thousands of traders around the world,
I've met all different types of traders.
I've met moms,
I've met dads,
I've met.
Teenagers.
I met construction workers,
teachers,
lawyers,
doctors,
scientists.
I've met all different types of people,
people that were even homeless that made it out of being homeless ended up
becoming a profitable trader,
which is actually one of my top students.
All you simply have to do is have anywhere from one to two hours available
every single day and commit to it.
There's no way around the success.
Unless you commit,
you have to be ready to put in the time and actually practice.
And learn this skill set.
And if you follow the strategy to the T,
it is impossible to not get results because you're following a proven strategy
that has made money for thousands of traders.
And for me personally,
the best analogy that I can give for this is I'm going to give you a very
successful gym routine for you to get six pack apps and you can
go to the gym.
But if you just go to the gym and you walk around and you just stay on your phone and don't work out,
there's nothing else.
That I can do for you.
I gave you the routine.
Now you have to go out there and execute it.
Just because you went to the gym,
doesn't mean you're going to get abs because you just went there just because you sit in front of the
computer and look at the markets.
Does it mean you're going to make money?
You have to actually get the strategy and go and execute it.
And there's a very big superstition on people constantly being concerned on when is the right time to buy?
When is the right time to sell?
Obviously that is a secret and people think it's the hardest part.
What if I told you that this is.
Actually the easiest part and is the part that takes the longest for traders to understand 90% of my time in the
markets consists of doing nothing is waiting for my strategy to be met and for them,
for me to go ahead and execute the strategy.
I'm simply sitting on my hands waiting for the market to give me an opportunity.
And as soon as I get it,
I execute,
you really don't have to do anything else other than just wait.
Patience pays in the markets.
Now you're probably wondering what happens if you don't.
Have any money to get started?
Well,
I'm going to be completely honest.
You need some type of money in order for you to make money in the markets.
You can't make money out of thin air.
You have to have a couple hundred bucks to get started.
And there's two ways you can go about it.
You can either one,
take a prop firm challenge,
which they put your skillset to the test.
If you pass their challenge,
they will fund you money.
They keep a certain percentage of the profits and then you keep the others,
or you can go a personal route,
which on the personal route,
you get your money,
you put it into a broker,
you get access to higher amounts of leverage and you can scale that money a lot
faster.
They're both completely different journeys.
I personally have been on both and I like the personal account
better as you make your own rules and you don't have to be following the strict
rules that these prop from challenges make.
Prop firm is great,
but I would go personal all day,
but at this point,
you know exactly what you need in order for you to go and execute a trade in
the market.
With a high probability trade set up.
The first is going to be the trend.
You need to be trading with the market.
If it's going to the upside or if it's going to the downside,
you never want to trade against it.
Second is you want to make sure you have a very precise and key area of
interest without a key area of interest.
Even the best trend can't save you.
Third,
as soon as you're at that area of interest,
because if you're not at one,
you can not then go to the next step.
Once you have that area of interest,
you can then wait and apply a very specific and strategic entry signal that
will then allow you to know exactly where you're going to get out.
If you're wrong and where you're going to get out.
If you're right,
you precalculate how much you're going to risk and you calculate how much
you're going to gain.
And then the last step,
which is by far the most important is sitting on your
hands,
making sure that you're only accessing the markets when it is the right time,
staying true to these rules.
And sticking to them and not changing them for anything.
I get it.
It's very tempting since the market is available 24 seven and it's available
at all times of the day.
You want to enter it at all times of the day,
but just because it's available 24 seven doesn't mean you shouldn't be
entering it 24 seven.
So if you're able to follow these steps precisely without failing at any of
them,
probably wondering how much money can you make?
Well,
the sky is really the limit,
but if I were to set some,
hardcore examples on some numbers,
they're going to be the ones that follows.
Now these examples vary on whether you're on a prop firm accounts or
on a personal accounts.
If you have access to the figures that I'm going to be breaking down down
below by means,
please go do it on your own personal account.
You keep more of your money.
And if you don't,
you go ahead and you take a prop from account prop from accounts can vary
anywhere from $20 all the way up to $500.
And with something as little as a hundred dollars,
you can get access to a $10,000 challenge,
which once you pass that challenge,
you then keep 70% of the profits you make on this $10,000 account.
So if you follow all of these steps,
you can make an average of anywhere from eight to 12%
in one single given month,
just risking 1%.
Now I need to play devil's advocate here and give you guys a,
a realistic scenario on a very low case.
I personally myself do not risk 1%.
I'm risking anywhere from five to six to 7% per trades simply because I am
okay with it.
And I want to educate you as a potential beginner trader or even
intermediates to be very conservative at the start,
start risking 1% and 2%,
and then you scale over time,
but I'm going to do the mature thing and do these calculations based off of
all.
1%. Obviously, if you double the risk, so do these numbers. If you triple, so do these numbers as
well. So let's say you start off with a $10,000 account, which would cost you $100 if you go take
a prop firm challenge. Let's say you make an average of 10%, which is very doable, risking
1% per trade. You would then keep a 70% profit of that after the profits with the prop firm,
making you $700 within that one given month. Now, keep in mind, if you do this on your personal
account, you keep 100% of those profits. But now on the same exact $10,000 account, let's say you
up your risk to 5% per trade. So now on this exact same example, on the $10,000 account,
let's say you upped your risk to what I do. Let's just say 5%, for example. You could have made an
easy 25% to 40% on that exact same account on that
1%. Now, if you do this on your personal account, you keep 100% of those profits. But now on the
given month, taking the exact same trades, just risking 5% instead of 1. But then you could have
been making anywhere from $2,500 to $3,500 by just passing a prop firm challenge that is worth
$100. Now, obviously, you can do this on bigger figures like $50,000 and $100,000, where you can
easily be making on a $50,000 challenge anywhere from $5,000 to $15,000, risking the exact
same percentage, taking the exact same trades. The only thing that changes is the size of your
account, meaning which is the amount of money you have access into the markets. If you don't have
all this money on a personal account, believe me, I did not have it when I got started working at
Dunkin' Donuts. I went a prop firm account, I passed the challenges, and I acquired $300,000
in funding. And I ended up making 10% on just one given month on that $300,000
account. I received the profit split of over $25,000. So the exact same percentage that you
could be making on a $10,000 account, you could be on a $300,000 account, and it just cost you
$700. Now, there's many prop firms throughout the whole entire industry. Make sure you do your due
diligence properly. The goal is to make as much money as you can from the prop firms, and then
you put it into your own personal account. And the reason behind that is because you keep 100%
of what you make on your personal account. On a prop firm, you constantly have to be splitting
with the firm. As you can see, you can make a lot of money. And these are just very, very,
very below average examples, just so I keep it very realistic with you using a very small
percentage. And I don't know if these sound like big or small figures to you, but truthfully,
in the market, they really are. You could take someone like Facundo where he made $90,000
in one single month in trading after learning the strategy for six months.
There's somebody that did not have great English and figured out a way how to dedicate the time,
learn the strategy, and he nearly made six figures in one single month. So the figures that I was
just giving you an example are very below average and very realistic for you to obtain. Making six
figures in a month is not farfetched. Or you can take someone like Hakeem, for example, where he
was living in Jamaica, and he didn't have super big aspirations of making millions, and he managed
to secure $40,000 from trading alone. He said when I spoke to him in the podcast that that went very
far in Jamaica for him, and he was able to live the life that he wanted. And I don't know if this
is going to change or better your situation, but Hakeem is making an extra $3,300 a month. So
imagine that in your situation right now. Might mean a lot, might mean a little, but all that by
simply dedicating anywhere from one to two hours every single day for the next six months. To me,
that was a great deal. And I'm not sure if you're wondering this at this point or not, but you're
probably asking yourself, if you're so successful, Alex, you've made millions in the markets. Why are
you making these hour-long videos? Why do you have a community if you're so rich off trading? Why?
Well, truthfully, at the age of 24, I've achieved many things that people my age have never even
thought of. And truthfully, I did it all by myself.
And being at the top by yourself really is lonely. So I decided to change my priorities in
life. And I said that it's better for me to change lives all around me. Instead of it being all for
me and being super selfish, I decided to go out there and provide as much free value as I possibly
can, which it can potentially change the course of somebody's life completely. And I have a goal
that's for my students in 2025 collectively for all of them to make $5 million in just
this year alone. We do podcasts every single week and we track the results every single day
and collectively adding this to a meter, which I am very sure we're going to hit that goal for this
year. And also one of the deep reasons on why I do this is I remember working at Dunkin' Donuts
and I was trying to figure out how to get out of this job, trying a bunch of different ventures,
just trying different ways on how to make money online. And everybody that was online just wanted
to do it. There was nobody out there doing something free for the community. There was nobody
out there actually providing real value. All the information was scattered all over the place. And
truthfully, I didn't learn much off of one single person. I had to get different pieces of
knowledge and start piecing everything together. And that's why my first two and a half years of
my journey were brutal. They were to the point where I had no money left and I had to ask my
parents for money so I can get back into trading and not give up. And I had to ask my parents for
money so I can get back into trading and not give up on what I wanted to do. I got to the point
where I didn't know when I was going to be successful, but I was so deep into the journey
that I simply had no other choice but achieving it. I was so invested and I had dedicated so much
time that I lost all of my friends. All of my family members stopped believing in me. It was
just me and the charts. And I was not going to let a computer beat me. I decided to put my head
down, learn from my mistakes and get to the point where I am now.
And after reaching a certain level of success so fast, your priorities change in life. They
really do. And you start looking at life differently and you start taking on new
challenges. Now it's not about how much money can I make, but it's about how much money can I get
someone to make? Because if I'm entering a trade, why shouldn't you? It doesn't affect me if you
make more money than me. It doesn't affect me if you don't make money at all. The markets are
there. The opportunity is there and it's for everyone's grabbing. And I've gotten a great
amount of passion changing people's lives and showing the simplicity of this opportunity and
the impact that it can have in people's lives. And I'm going to be honest, I did not start this
journey by myself. I started with two of my high school friends, which I thought they were my
closest friends. And later throughout the journey, they ended up not believing in it at all. And
they just couldn't handle the pressure.
I wasn't going to go down without a fight. So I kept fighting by myself and I ended up meeting
other people that were in that same journey, just fighting, trying to figure out a way on how to
become successful. All of us just putting money into the pot, figuring out how to make a profitable
strategy. And the more money we would put in, the more time we would put in, the more money we would
get out. And all of us had this aha moment and we were figuring out how to actually become successful
and make money in the markets.
Therefore, I learned a profitable strategy that took me two and a half years and thousands of
dollars lost, relationships, so much stress that I thought I was going to lose my hair as a 19, 20
year old. And as soon as I acquired this skill set, I was not going to let anybody access it for
free. As soon as I started living a lifestyle, buying cool things, doing what I wanted, then all
my friends wanted to come back and ask for help.
And for me to teach them how to do it. At the beginning, I did it. And I felt guilty if I
didn't. It didn't feel fair that I learned something. And now it makes me get access to
money so easy. And I felt for it. I would go and I would help them. But you know what? They were
ungrateful because they weren't investing anything other than time. And to them, their time is valued
at $10, $15 an hour. So they didn't care about losing time, learning something. It wasn't a big
deal. But to me, it was.
My time is very valuable now that I've learned this skill set. So I no longer help people that
aren't willing to invest into themselves and value their time in order for them to become
successful and actually learn how to make money. And I've seen this over the years. The more the
people invest, the more committed they get. The more committed they get, the more money they
ultimately make. You need to become a trader in order to make profits like a trader. You simply
can't just think because you should.
Show up. They're going to get the same results as somebody that has changed their whole entire life
routine around just becoming a trader. That person that changes everything for this gets everything
they should from this. And I've done hundreds of different YouTube videos showcasing many different
types of ways on how to simplify trading. So people can actually understand this on one simple
spot. Because when I got started trading, I was searching YouTube endlessly, not finding organized
content.
I have organized everything that people need to know right here off of my YouTube. But for some reason, people never
really actually make tens of thousands, even hundreds of thousand dollars from YouTube. And they don't make this amount of
money because they lack discipline. They lack consistency and they lack accountability. Now, I want to see if you're
different. I have this four hour tutorial video where I teach you trading from zero all the way up to 100. I'm talking
everything. This video took me six hours to record without stopping, and we managed to cut it down to four hours. I want to see if you're
different. Are you going to lack commitment, not be dedicated and not hold yourself accountable? Are you going to go watch this
four hour video that's going to teach you trading from zero to 100 completely for free? Because now that you know that this is the
most profitable skill ever compared to any other different business model, you're just one simple step away. You're only
one simple step away from deep diving on how this strategy actually works. Why would you go on the internet and search for other
different opportunities? You understand that this is it. You're just simply one click away. And I can almost guarantee you that in the
first 10 minutes of you watching this four hour video, you're going to learn something that you can apply to your trading
immediately for you to be able to start trading and making money with it. So with that being said, thank you guys very much for watching
this video.
Make sure to hit that like and subscribe on this video. And I want to see what you're made of. I want to see what you're about. Because if you're
really different from the other people, you won't stop here. You've made it this far. Go watch this video and I'll see you there now.


==============================
VIDEO 060 — The ONLY 2 Indicators You Need To Make +$3,945⧸Day Trading-A8ncoQCPjF8
==============================

I have made $1.6 million in the last four months of trading and this is what it looks like. I have
in gross profit $2.5 million and I just took a pretty big loss so that's why my gross loss is
about $894,000 and I have about $50,000 in swaps. The most important thing when it comes to this
exact P&L right here is going to be this recovery factor because I have a five recovery factor. So
I go into drawdown, I make back very aggressively and my profit factor is above a one to two. So you
guys can tell here in my profit and loss where I have had a total of multiple millions of dollars
in profits and losses but what's really important is that I have a 70% success rate with short
positions meaning that I am a better seller than a buyer and many traders aren't even able to
understand this and the power of this which leads them to be better at taking certain trades
rather than other ones and which symbols make me the most amount of money. So I trade many
different currencies but the ones that tend to make me the most is going to be these symbols
that you see right here. So I don't tend to typically rely on indicators but I have two
indicators that I am going to be sharing with you in this video and one of them you mandatory need
to have in your trading. No questions asked. It's just simply going to let you read the charts
and clean it. So let's get right into it. Now before we actually get started I want to give
you guys a little bit of context. So let's get right into it. So let's get right into it. So
let's get right into it. So let's get right into it. So first we're going to talk about
the potential behind indicators.
For me an indicator is a love and a hate relationship. Simply because when I go teach people this
in the community or just in general they take it for granted as to what the power
of it really is and how much does it actually determine your trade. And I'm going to be
fully transparent. My indicators are simply an added compliment to the trade I am going
to be taking. It does not determine my whole entire trade. It just lets me know it is a
bit stronger or a bit weaker if it is above or below this indicator.
So just want to give you guys a little bit of context when you guys go actually execute this
and learn how to use it. So my goal in this video is to teach you how to use these indicators
inside of the trade and the strategy that you are already using, and it can improve a 15 to 20%
to your actual trade. Without that, you can still take the trade, but it won't be as strong. So this
is an added confluence rather than a whole entire strategy. Let that be clear. Now moving on to the
actual trading view, which is where we're going to be analyzing the markets, and we're going to
be using these indicators in place. Both of the indicators that I'm going to be using,
you've probably seen over here before at the top left corner. I'm going to be using the EMA,
and I'm going to be using the no gap candlesticks. So first I want to start off with the no gap
candlesticks. The no gap candlesticks is probably the most potential, it's probably the most
powerful indicator that the market can possibly give you, because what it does is it fills the
gaps. So for example, right here, let me just remove the gaps in the markets right now. So as
you guys can see right here, this market, you can see these gaps right here, you can see these gaps
right here, and you can see these gaps here, here. It's pretty much everywhere throughout the
market. And lately, literally specifically lately, with how difficult the markets have been moving
with all of these, excuse my alarm, I got to get ready to trade, but I'm going to do this video
right now. So the news events that is happening in the world right now, the markets will tend to
open with these gaps all of the time. And these gaps throw traders off all of the time, because
traders are literally saying, oh, how do I trade these gap fills? Are they going to fill the gaps?
Do I trade, do I sell against the trend, fill the gaps? What do I count for filling these gaps?
And it could mess up a trader, it could make it seem weird. And these gap fills happen literally
everywhere throughout the chart. I can go to any market and there's going to be gaps, there's going
in the markets, they're literally everywhere. And without you realizing, it just throws off your
trading a bit because they, for example, here, you could have had a bullish engulfing candlestick
and you don't have it. Here, you could have had a bearish engulfing candlestick and you don't have
it. And it's just a consistent issue because it's not showing you the market clearly. There's always
an imperfection in the market, and this can just simply throw off your trading as a whole.
So what the no gap candlestick indicator is, is that it fills that gap for you with a proper
candlestick. And it's not showing you the market clearly, there's always an imperfection in the
candlestick. Now the charts look much cleaner. So let me actually show you how to add this first
indicator. All you have to do is come here to the no indicator, to the indicator section
on trading view, and just simply type no gap indicator. So it's going to be no gap candles,
I'm sorry. No gap candles. And you're simply going to favorite this one right here. As soon
as you click this one, it's simply going to pop up.
Now when it pops up over here, it's probably going to pop up like this, and it's just going
to automatically fill the candlesticks already. But you need to do one step, which many traders
fail to do without knowing, is first of all, hide it. After you hide it, you're going to realize
that the markets are going to go back how they are. You want to make sure that you could right
click your trading view screen, you go to settings, and then you unclick the current markets. So
you're going to realize that the markets are going to go back how they are. So you're going to
realize your charts are pretty much going to be naked. You're not going to have anything on the
candlestick chart. Then you're going to show the no gap candlesticks, and then it'll fill in the
price. So if you do it the other way, it's basically the no gap candlesticks over the
current price. And then there can be areas, for example, like right here, how this should have
been a small red candle, and then it's engulfing that candle, and it might not look the best.
There's areas where it
will probably look a little bit choppy. For example, here, you have this blue candle that
ends off with the red candle, and that's because this candle is simply just filling that gap in
between here. And it's just showing both of the candlesticks on top of each other. So it's just
best if you remove your current candlestick charts, and then you just leave the no gap
candles. It's basically the new way of you looking at the charts with this indicator.
It works to the perfection. This is what I use every single day for,
and it's a great indicator, and it's pretty good for your trading. So I'll show you what I've
done over the last year. This has changed my trading completely, because I don't have to
battle these gaps and just almost overlook it. I could always look at the market for what it is,
this has not given me any issue whatsoever. Sajid Salah
Now, the next one that I use is the EMA, which is going to be this blue line that hovers over
price on every single timeframe. It's pretty much just following it on every single timeframe. Now,
pretty creative and it's pretty interesting so as you guys can tell I
currently have a 50 EMA so the length is 50 the source is closed offset is zero
the type is nothing length is 14 BB whatever this is is 2 and then it is on
the chart style it's blue and it's visible on every single time frame so
free to get this indicator all you have to do is search up EMA and when you
search up the exponential moving average just simply click on this one
right here and as you can tell it might not pop up exactly how mine is so we're
gonna see this EMA right here we have to go to the settings and then we have to
do the exact same inputs that I have on the other one so the length is 50 you
click OK and as you can tell that will automatically already hover it over my
other indicator now I have to refresh see what the settings are at my
indicator so 50
close 0 14 2 we go to these settings going to be 50 close 0 14 2 there you go
so as you can tell you can't really see it because obviously it's set up exactly
the same as my other indicator that's why it pops up but if I put it on and
remove remove it you can see how the color changes from that price right
there so we don't need to have two of the exact same indicator so I'm going to
remove that one and then that is how this EMA is set up now I'm going to
explain to you how both of these
work together and this 50 EMA is very significant to the trade because it is
used as a dynamic level of support and resistance so whenever price is going up
for example how this has been then here in the weekly it's going to hold price
up whenever price is going down it's going to be very tight with the price
down same exact thing with the daily when price is going up it's going to be
very tight on price up when price is going down it's going to be very tight
on price going down, when price is going up, when price shifts down, when price is going up. To me,
this is one of the most accurate EMAs to every single timeframe because it follows it very
closely. And as you can tell here, whenever it tends to break through it, there is a massive
move that happens in the opposite direction. Same exact thing to the upside. Whenever it breaks
above it, it has a massive move to the upside. Many people out there use EMA crossovers or they
use a 200 EMA, 100 EMA. And people don't understand that those are decent, but for more
of a swing position trader, these are traders that are going to be holding trades for weeks.
I'm looking to hold a trade for one to three to four days and maybe seven days max. So the 50 EMA
works very closely on every timeframe and it is an added confluence on top of my strategy.
And the importance of both of these and how they both intertwine each other
is that they both have the same value. So I'm looking to hold a trade for one to three to four
days and maybe seven days max. So the 50 EMA works very closely on every timeframe and it is an added
confluence on top of my strategy. So the 50 EMA works very closely on every timeframe and it is
the beauty of it. So I'm going to explain to you now how both of these indicators work together.
So let's get into our first example, which the EMA, once again, is an added confluence. And
there's a couple of steps that need to be done before you actually use the EMA because think of
the EMA almost as the whipped cream of a milkshake. Is a milkshake a milkshake without the whipped
cream on top? Probably not. It's missing that. You look forward to drinking the milkshake because of
the whipped cream, but you can also drink it without it. So this is kind of what the EMA is.
The EMA completes the trade, but it's not the whole entire trade. You can still trade without
it, right? So let's use, for example, AUDJPY. AUDJPY was in a trending market on the weekly
timeframe. So let me explain it once again. The first thing that we always look for is the trend.
This is the most important thing. This is for whatever type of strategy you're using. This
is if you want to be a scalper, a day trader, a swing trader, a position trader, a definitely
demo trader, live trader, whatever type of trader you want to be or type of trade you're going to
take, you need to be trading with the trend. Plain and simple. If you're trading against the trend,
you're going to be running into some very, very, very strong difficulties. So the first thing we
always look for is what is the trend doing in this market? Okay. So the trend in this market
at one point was creating lower highs and lower lows, lower high, lower low, lower high, lower
low. And then this market here shifted higher, high, higher, low.
Higher high, higher low, higher high. So very clearly, the first thing is that this market is
bullish on the weekly timeframe. Now our goal with the trend is to have as many timeframes in
our favor, right? Because if we have the weekly timeframe that is bullish, and then we have the
daily timeframe that is bullish, and then we have the four hour timeframe that is bullish. Well,
it probably makes more sense to buy than to sell. So we are now going to be interested in
taking a buy position just based off of the trend. We're going to use these EMAs and these indicators
to get us a very precise and good entry. But you need to first understand how to read the market.
So weekly timeframe is bullish. Cool. The fact that it's above the EMA is a plus, but is not
where we're going to be using it at this point right now. Daily timeframe. Okay. Daily timeframe.
Bullish or bearish. So this market very strongly, we don't need to go this far back because we can
obviously tell that the market is very bullish here. And this is a big mistake that I see a lot
of traders make in the trading. At the weekly timeframe, they'll start off in 2024, for
example, which is where we're over here, November, 2024. And then we go out to the daily timeframe
and then they'll do the same thing. It's like, you don't really have to start from this far
anymore because this market has shifted bullish to bearish so many times. You can really just
focus on what's going on right here. A lot of traders though,
on price action like this in the daily timeframe, and they'll be starting up here.
They're like, yeah, this, and then this. And I explained to them, like, guys, you realize,
first of all, how far this is away and how long ago this happened. It's more relevant if you focus
on the more recent price, because that's what's going to take the trade to this area. But you
can't analyze all the way up here two years ago when we're way down here and there's so much more
price action to the left. So focusing on what matters, which is this area right here, you can
tell that this market was indeed creating higher highs and higher lows. We have a higher, high,
higher low, higher, high, higher, low, higher, high, and a higher low, and now potentially
creating a higher high. So this market on the daily timeframe is also bullish. Great. Cool.
Now, what's the fourHR doing? So we have two timeframes in sync, our goal is to go down
to the next time frame and determine what does this market doing? So at the time that we have, we're
going to the next time-frame and determine what is this market doing? So at the time that we've
struck a bullseye by today, then we're gonna work into dollar Pra CG move up Ever dominus or
going to RRI cash flow. And then we're going to额R market move up. Now we're going to
set three timespringer. And then we're going to set a fixed return. So clearly what's going to
have been interested in entering this trade which would have been right around this area over here
this market was actually bearish so this market was creating higher high higher low higher high
higher low higher high and then we shifted bearish this market actually turned into a bearish market
okay fine if the time we're looking at the market is right around here we only have two time frames
in sync okay not the best but definitely not terrible so the four hour time frame is bearish
so we do have two consecutive time frames in sync that is bullish and one time frame that is
bearish i use my other time frames the two hour the one hour the 30 minute and the 15 minute time
frames for my entries so i don't consider those time frames for the trend the 15 minutes going
to shift from bullish to bearish every day multiple times same thing on the 30 minute
and every two
days on the one hour the weekly and the daily take much longer to shift these time frames so
that's why they're more respected and we use that to understand the trend of the market we're not
going to determine the trend of the market on a 15 minute time frame we will on the higher time
frame because that's what's more respected so the first thing we got to do is understand the trend
and we understand that the majority of the trend is indeed bullish next is going to be a o i which
is equal to area of interest or how other traders like to call it order
block or how other traders like to call it supply and demand zone or how other traders like to call
it support and resistance or how other late traders like to call it buying or sell in zones
all of this ladies and gentlemen is the exact same this is an area of interest it's an
area where you're going to be interested in buying or selling price you're going to wait for price to
retrace back into that area for you to wait for something for you to enter the trade that's why
it's considered an area of interest so at the time of us analyzing this market this market was very
bullish so we're going to call this the higher high and then this is the higher low so this is
the higher high of this market right here this structure point and then this right here would
be the higher low we identify this as the area of interest so at the time of us looking at this
market right here this would have been the area where we would have been interested in
doing it right here so this market was bullish this i consider the market bullish or bearish
based off of the structure of the market which has looked like this it's not based off of
the wicks we notice this is all structure every single structure point is what determines the move
break retest structure to structure you notice here break retest it's structure to structure so
this is the higher high this is the higher low we don't base if the market is bullish or bearish
off of the wicks the wicks is not a confirmed price that is where
it was a trail of price the actual structure which is where the body closes we consider it
bullish or bearish as you can tell this right here is an area of interest if you look left
and an area of interest is where you have three or more touches you look left you have one two
three structure points we can go back to the structure on the line chart and you can tell
we have one two and three and i'm sure if we look left we have more one two
three kind of four and i'm sure if we look left we have more so we're about seven eight touches
from this area of interest so this right here is indeed a respected area of interest cool now after
us identifying that it's a respected area of interest on the weekly we go down to the daily
and we're going to double verify if that is entirely true switch back out to the line chart
and as you can tell we have one two three four five six seven eight
and we go more left it's even more respected now obviously typically if it is respected on the
higher time frame it's going to be respected on the next lower time frame which is great
you just want to make sure that they both intertwine perfectly so we have a very respected
area of interest supporting the resistance supply and demand order block potato potato now after we
understand that we're at a area of interest then is when we go into our entry signal and based off
of our entry signal one of the confirmations that we will be using is our trustee ema
now for our entry signal the most powerful thing is going to be the actual price action
so price action will actually be what this exact candlestick is right here
what this exact candlestick is going to be right here what this exact candlestick is right here
this price action is going to be the actual confirmation that you're going to be interested
this trade. So for example, right here, we have a break and retest of this area of interest.
Our entry confirmation is going to be this bullish engulfing, beautiful pushup, but we are also
above the EMA. That's the whipped cream on top. That's it. That's what the EMA is going to be
used for. It is an added confluence to the trade. Exact same trade right here. We have a approach
that came back to this area of interest. We have a bullish engulfing candlestick from this area
of interest, and we're rejecting the EMA. That is a double whipped cream on top with two cherries
on top because we happen to be rejecting the exact EMA as well with that entry signal confirmation.
This exact entry right here, we have another retest of this area of interest, a very strong
bullish pin bar rejection, which is great price action, letting you know that price is rejecting.
And then we also have the perfect rejection from that EMA. That is a triple whipped cream on top,
cherries and sprinkles.
And a donut, right? I'm just getting creative here at this point. This is just making the trade
that much better. And this is just specifically for this daily time frame entry. If we go out
to the weekly time frame, as you can tell, that weekly WIC happened to also reject that weekly
EMA. That is triple whipped cream on top, 10 cherries, sprinkles, everything that you can
possibly think of. And we use this EMA exact same way as we go with the trend. It's going to be a
from the highest down. So for example, we have one point for having it on the weekly. So we have
one weekly EMA tap, two, we have daily EMA tap. All right, so let me just do it like this.
So we have, yeah, I'm supposed to be trading right now, but it's okay doing this. So we have
one weekly EMA tap, two daily EMA tap. Let's see what the four hours,
we're actually below the four hour. So we don't have the four hour EMA tap. So right here, we do
not add the four hour for three. Do we have the two hour EMA tap? Yes or no? We don't. Do we have
the one hour EMA tap the way down here? We don't. Do we have the 30 minute EMA tap? We don't. Do we
have the 15 EMA tap? And then we do right here because we broke above the EMA and then we,
pretty cleanly retested it. So we have here 15 EMA. So we could only add the EMA as an added
confluence three times, basically because it's above these three timeframes at the time of
entering the trade. Now you can imagine the more timeframes you have, the price is above this EMA
even better. But the main ones that are significant are going to be the weekly, the daily, and the
four hour. Everything after that. So we have one weekly EMA tap, two, we have daily EMA tap,
two hour, two hours, and we got it. We're going to continue this and we're going to continue leave
it. And then we're going to continue three times. So we have, we've had an extra confirmation of
it breaking and retesting above. You could have totally done that. For example, here you could
have totally waited for the one hour EMA to break and retest above it. And it would have had
very clean, respected, bullish, engulfing from this area. And then it would have came back,
retested it again, retested it again. And then price would have continued going to the upside.
As you can tell, look at all these multiple times that it came back to retest it, retest it. And it
kept having a push by pushing the deposit here. So we have three times. So we're going to continue
having a push to the upside. So could you wait for these extra confirmations? Yes. It's an added
confluence and it lets the trade be stronger. And if you don't feel comfortable with the trade at
the moment, you're interested in taking it. But as you can tell, price comes back, retests it,
retests it, retests it multiple times. Every single time it has a push to the upside. Let's
say you missed this entry here for whatever reason, you can always continue to scale in
based off of this. Now here, typically if it breaks below, you don't want to be interested
in the trade. You always want to be interested in the trade when it retests above it and then
it has the push up. Just there alone, there's 10 different potential trades on the trade that you
identified that has a clean trend and is respecting a clean area of interest. Now use the EMA to have
these added entries and the more rejections and the more timeframes you're above it, the better
confirmations you're going to have. The more confirmations, the better, but you can still take
it with these confirmations. Just know...
That it's a bit of a high risk trade. Now, I really wanted to make this video to show you guys the power of the EMA, but I want you guys to really understand that the EMA is, it really is the last part of the position. It's like when you actually go bake something in the oven, you have to prepare something, you have to properly let it
dull. You probably have to season it, do whatever you do before you bake in something, and then you put it in the oven. So that's really the last part. When it comes out of the oven, then you put the add-ons on top.
The EMA is not the whole entire process. There's no secret hack on having an EMA crossover when two EMAs, one goes above and one goes under, that that's the perfect entry. Or if price is always above it, it's a perfect entry, if price is below it, it's always a perfect entry. That is not the case. What the EMA does, it just makes it a bit better of a trade and it gives you a bit more probability just because historically, typically, whenever we're above it, we tend to go up, and typically whenever we're below it, we tend to go down. But it does not complete the EMA.
trade it does not define if it's actually ready to enter the position or
even ready to exit the position now to be clear the EMA is only used for
entries it is not used for take profits I don't have a take profit based off of
the EMA I use price action to base my take profits so just if you guys enter
the trade below the EMA on the lower time frame you take profit should never
be an EMA right that's not I've seen multiple traders make this mistake
before like let's say they want to I don't know for whatever reason buy below
the EMA and then their take profit is the EMA that's not the case at all
right the EMA is only used for your actual entry when you're ready to be
above it to enter or when you're ready to be below it to actually sell to the
downside it's very powerful that you know what you're best at if you're
better at selling you're better at buying how I just showed you with my
track record earlier on to this video because that lets you understand what
you're better at because if for whatever reason you're only good at selling
you're only good at selling you're only good at selling you're only good at selling
for example how I am what you can do is you can flip your chart right click this
section on trading view you invert it and now you look at this market for a
sell now for me this looks much more clear of a sell at the time of selling
from this EMA than when I actually did of buying for example so this is
something that you you guys can just look at your P&L look at your track
record and you're gonna be able to understand based off of your trading as
a whole I just have a hundreds of little hacks
just like this one so now that you understand what I showed you is how
to trade with these specific indicators and that it just takes you one step
closer to actually becoming a profitable traders but the actual indicator does
not define the markets price action does trend does proper structure and
that is what's going to lead the trade to go into the next spot not the
indicator indicator they're just there to help you identify the trend but if
you really want to become an expert trader and be able to predict these
trades week after week I have something for you completely for free I'm gonna be
hosting an event here on YouTube a live breakdown a live
call where I'm going to show you how to find these perfect trade setups in these
current markets that are happening right now a lot of these YouTube's a lot of
these different videos are very old and outdated and markets have changed I'm
talking about years of me building this perfect trade setup and having the exact
confluence is that you need to have a winning trade and how to identify a
losing trade before they either happen so after all this real-life testing no
back testing I'm talking about using this in the market every single week and
something that I have used with every single one of the trades in the
journal that I just showed you earlier into this video it's something that's
going to let you know when you're ready to enter the perfect trade setup I want
to show you is show you this process about it and I only want you to do one
thing so you can be part of this hit the subscribe button so you get
notified when I post this class and to comment the perfect trade setup comment
literally on this video the perfect trade and that's gonna let me know that
you're ready to be part of this video and it gets me hyped honestly so you
want to learn how to do that make sure you hit the subscribe button comment the
perfect trade and then you're ready to go.
if you want to be part of my community where I teach this to my traders every
single week and I host a live cause showing these traders these perfect trade
setups check out the link in description down below it's my community where I
literally share the markets that I'm interested in taking every single week
and why I'm not interested in taking other trades because the reality of the
situation when it comes to the trading is that there is an abundance of
opportunity but not all of these opportunities come with good results you
need to make sure how you identify these different markets and select the winning
ones and then you're ready to go.
and stick to them and learn how to avoid the losing ones hit that like and
subscribe button hope to see you in that class instead of forget boys


==============================
VIDEO 061 — The Science Based Trading Strategy That Made Me $291,456 This Month-KxBRLErkel0
==============================

What is good, bros? This is going to be a video going in-depth on how I was able to make $291,000
with a new aggressive trading strategy. I'm going to be covering it from A to Z to explain to you
guys this new kind of aggressive scalping strategy that a lot of you guys have been asking me about,
how I find entries and exits, and then a couple examples of how to find it on the charts. So
with that being said, we'll just jump straight into this. Again, if you guys want to fact check
all of this, I post literally every single trade that I take from market open to entries and exits
and showing you guys P&L and all of that in trade recaps that are posted live on YouTube,
where I'm literally saying, hey, I'm entering right here. Hey, I'm exiting right here. This
is how much I made today. This is how much I lost today. So you guys can go back over through the
past month and then double check this. And yeah, with that being said, let's jump in the charts
and we will get into it. First thing that I want to explain, I mean, there's a lot of
things that I got to explain for real. The first thing that I want to mention, this is an
aggressive trading strategy. So this isn't just a full abandonment of my higher timeframe strategy
where I'm on the five minute timeframe. I'm looking for break of structure, fair value gap,
breaker block, equilibrium, order block, fill, and then scale down to the one minute timeframe
and then find entries from there. Okay. That is still completely valid. One of my least favorite
things is when you guys see a new strategy video by me, and I know this shit's going to happen
with this video.
So just please keep this in mind. This does not mean that that old strategy that I was using,
and I still use to this day is just done. It's nerfed. It's, it's over. Okay. It doesn't work
anymore. It still works perfectly fine. And I still use it on a daily basis, but this strategy
is something that I use when I'm trying to find aggressive entries. And when I'm super sure and
super set on a strong bias for the day, for example, like if we have a super strong drawn
liquidity, or if I have a super strong,
bias of where price is going to go, this strategy gives me the opportunity to get skin in the game
before that five minute kind of slower, but safer, higher timeframe entry strategy gives me
the opportunity to enter. And this more aggressive strategy lets me get skin in the game with the
potential to lose, because again, it's more aggressive. It's on the lower timeframes,
but when I have a super strong bias, I am willing to put some risk on the table because
if I have a strong bias, I don't want to be left out of the move and be sitting there being like,
damn, I knew exactly where the market wanted to go today, but I didn't make any money. I wish I could
have entered. And that's exactly why I even started trading this way. So that's the first
thing. The second thing that I want you guys to keep in mind is when I am entering this way,
I am de-risking. So the first thing that I kind of want to lay out for you guys is just like
thought process on all of this. So the first thing is I have to have a strong bias.
With strong draw on liquidity. Okay. And then the second thing is I'm going to be de-risking
and the reason behind this is one, because it's an aggressive entry. Okay. This is
something where it's not nearly as safe as entering on the five minute and waiting for
a whole bunch of confirmations to know for sure that the move is going to go in our direction.
But with the strong bias, it gives us the opportunity to potentially make far more or just
money. And if the five minute entry doesn't even present itself, then I can still make money on my
strong bias for the day. But with that in mind, I want to leave some risk for me to be able to
play with in case this entry gets stopped out because again, it's aggressive and my overall
strong bias still plays out in the five minute, more safer, more confluence strategy plays out.
So I can still enter on that. On top of that, this is the best case scenario. If I'm able to
get the aggressive entry, I enter there with the de-risk position. So around like half of what
I'm willing to risk for the day, then the five minute entry presents itself. Then I can enter
with the rest of the risk that I was willing to put on for the day to then encapsulate the
entire risk of what I wanted to put on as a whole for the day. Okay. So this I'm de-risking,
I have to have a strong bias because again, that's the only reason why I would even want
to take this aggressive entry. And then on top of that, I want to risk
less than I'm willing to risk on the entire day so that one, I can have the opportunity to,
if I get stopped out on the aggressive entry reenter with the safer five minute strategy and,
or enter with the one minute strategy, this aggressive entry strategy that I'm going to
show you guys today. And then on top of that, be able to get a second position with our safer,
higher timeframe confluence. And that's the best case scenario where we get both of them,
where I can get an aggressive entry that has a really good risk to reward.
And then on top of that, get the five minute entry, which is our safer,
more calmer confluence strategy that will give us still a good risk to reward and still get profits,
but not as crazy as what this new strategy that I've been incorporating for this past month
will give me. So again, those are just some things that I want to get out of the way
before we jump straight into this. So now that we've got that out of the way, I want to,
or actually I'll leave this up here. I want to break down really what I'm looking for before we
put it onto the charts. So what am I looking for when I'm looking to try and enter aggressively?
Okay. So the first thing is again, strong bias and strong draws on liquidity.
Okay. And if you guys don't know what I'm talking about, when I say
having a strong bias or what's the liquidity, what's a fair value gap, what's a break of
structure, what's an order block, what's a breaker block, what's equilibrium, what's an inverse fair
value gap. I have a full free course. Again, you guys don't have to pay anything for it. You guys
click, click the link in the description where I teach you guys all about these confluences online
for absolutely free. So you guys can understand these confluences. It's a really long video
because again, day trading's just like a whole new language. I know already what I'm talking
about can be a little bit overwhelming. So just go through that free course, watch all of that,
and then come back to this video and it'll make way, way, way more sense.
So first of all, I want a strong bias and strong draws on liquidity,
because without that, there's no reason for me to even be trying to take an aggressive
trade. If I have a weak bias or if I'm like, oh, price could go in either direction here,
why would I want to try and take an aggressive trade entry? It doesn't make sense. Especially
if I see the market's choppy. Okay. There has to be a strong bias in place. So on top of that,
there has to be two draws on liquidity. And that comes in the form of either a high timeframe
drawn liquidity going towards low timeframe, low resistance. And I'll explain what this is.
Liquidity or to another form of high timeframe liquidity. So that's the first option,
high timeframe, draw a high timeframe, key level price goes there. And then we're looking for it
to seek out either a low timeframe, low resistance draw on liquidity or another
form of high timeframe liquidity and, or, okay. So we're going to flip it back around
low timeframe, low resistance, liquidity to high timeframe draw on liquidity.
Speaker 1 Okay. And again,
these draws on liquidity have to be strong. So it can't just be again, well, I'll show,
I'll show good examples of this because this past month has been just awesome for using the strategy.
And that's kind of why I want to break it down. A lot of you guys have been freaking out in the
comments. Oh my God, new strategy. You're not trading the way. Shut up. I'm going to tell
you guys how to do it. Okay. Be quiet. All right. I know you guys have been fiending for this shit.
I'm delivering. Okay. Calm down. Pip squeaks. Okay. Number two, what else do I need? So,
once we can establish that we have a strong bias and we have strong draws on liquidity, whether
it be price going into a high timeframe draw and then targeting low timeframe,
low resistance draws on liquidity or another high timeframe draw or low timeframe,
low resistance, liquidity to a high timeframe draw from there. What are we looking for?
We're looking to scale down to the lower timeframes. Ideally the one minute that's
how I've been trading this and it's been working great. And then from there, I'm literally just
looking for one, a confirmation confluence. If you guys know what that is, that's looking for
break of structure, inverse for value gap or a closure above the 79% extension.
And I'll show you guys what that is because I haven't really fully explained that in a YouTube
video just yet. Lots of sauce that's going to be dropped in this video. We're putting,
we're putting you guys on game recently with these YouTube videos. Hopefully you guys have
been appreciating this. So again, look for a break of structure or an inverse for value gap
or a closure above the 79% extension off of one of those strong draws on liquidity from there.
What am I looking for? A continuation confluence. Okay. So what does this establish? We want to
understand why we're even entering in the first place. This is kind of what I do with all of my
strategy videos. I want to break down why we're even entering off of things in the first place,
because it's one thing for you guys to just like copy and paste this strategy and then being like,
oh my God, it didn't work, but I want you guys to actually understand why you're entering.
I don't want you guys to see that. I don't want you guys to see that. I don't want you guys to see
this and just be like, TJR said it. So bet I'm going to do it and just not understand
why you're even entering in the first place. I want you guys to understand the thought process
of why we are entering the way that we are. So when we're hitting the high timeframe draws,
obviously that means, Hey, profits are either going to be taken here, or this is a, this is a
point where price is going to reverse and continue the overall higher timeframe trend. So that's the
first reason why we're looking for a strong bias and strong draws on liquidity or from low
timeframe, low resistance liquidity, we are looking for price to sweep that out and then
fulfill the higher timeframe draw on liquidity. So I know it's a lot of words, but we're going
to explain it on the chart a little bit later in this video. So you guys can actually put the
pieces together and I'll actually draw this out for you guys. So you can visualize it before we
get into the charts. So when we're going from low resistance liquidity, we're pretty much seeing
that. Okay. Price, especially when we have a high timeframe drawn liquidity, that's like a super
obvious, strong bias. Again, we see that when we have a high timeframe draw on liquidity, we see
price go up and take out low timeframe liquidity. It's obvious that price is sweeping out that
liquidity to go and fulfill the high timeframe drop, because again, that's our strong bias.
And then with this, when we're taking out a high timeframe draw, there's one of two options that
price is going to do. It's either going to take profits off of that high timeframe draw. So again,
if we're going down and sweeping out a high timeframe draw on liquidity like this more often
taking, whether that be on the low timeframe to just go seek out low timeframe resistance liquidity.
Again, that's why we have that there to just be able to have some profits get taken off of all of
these orders that just got filled from the liquidity being swept, or it's a reversal into,
again, to push price towards the higher timeframe trend. And I'll show you guys examples of all three
of these. Okay. Regardless, when we take out high timeframe draws on liquidity more often than not,
we see profit taking to either go up towards low timeframe liquidity or just to continue the
higher timeframe trend towards high timeframe liquidity. Okay. So that kind of covers step
one of this and then step two, why are we scaling down to the lower timeframe to be able to again,
catch that pretty much bottom tick of where we're going to be looking for profits to be taken?
Because again, if we come underneath,
I'm going to be looking for profits to be taken because again, if we come underneath,
high timeframe draw on liquidity, profits are going to be taken from this move down, right?
Price was seeking out these lows to what? Fill their orders. Okay. For them to be able to exit.
So when they exit, profits get taken. What does that cause price to do? Move up. So because of
that, we're trying to either capitalize on that small move up, whether that just be a small little
relief bounce up to low timeframe resistance liquidity, or we catch the bottom to send price
higher towards the high timeframe.
And that's why we want to scale down to the lower timeframes so that we can capitalize on those
bottom tick moves, whether it's a small move up just to send price lower, or whether it's a big
move up to send price higher on the higher timeframe. And then how can we confirm that
price actually wants to move higher? Well, we wait for our confluences, like a break of structure,
because again, if we're pushing down, we're not going to be able to move up. So we're going to
wait for our confluences to move up. So we're going to wait for our confluences to move up.
So if we're pushing down underneath these lows, we are going to be in a downtrend. So what are we
going to look for the trend to do? Break trend, break current order flow to send price higher.
Okay. Or we're looking for an inverse fair value gap. What does that show us? That shows us that,
Hey, the bearish order flow that we were in, it got closed above. We're disrespecting the
bearish order flow after coming down here to take out these orders. Awesome. We're going to send
price higher or a closure above the 79% extension on the Fibonacci.
Which again is another example of us disrespecting bullish order flow to what
send price higher. And then that leads us into step number four to show continuation off of
that. So it's one thing to just say like, okay, bullish or bearish order flow got broken, but we
want to see continuation. So if we get a break of structure, it's like, okay, cool. That could
still be just a retracement on the five minute to send price lower. So what do we want to see
on top of that continuation?
From either a fair value gap getting filled, equilibrium getting filled,
order block getting filled, the breaker block getting filled, and then price reacting off of
that to send price to either the low timeframe, low resistance drawn liquidity, or the high
timeframe drawn liquidity. So let me go ahead and add that on here. Fair value gap, equilibrium,
breaker block, order block, and a closure in the direction. Awesome.
And then last but not least, enter debit. And then when we're looking to exit on both again,
stop loss and take profit, because again, this is the potential to lose. This isn't a 100%
full win rate strategy. Okay. When we're exiting at low timeframe, low resistance liquidity or high
timeframe liquidity. Okay. And then when we're looking for stop loss, so that's for take profits.
For stop loss, we're looking to exit where trade idea it's in. Hello, boogie. And I'll show you
guys examples of what that looks like as well. Okay. So now that we have a full breakdown of
this strategy, this is where I'm going to kind of draw out every single scenario here. So you guys
can get a good picture and then we'll go into the chart and fully break that down as well.
So now let's draw this out. Let's start off with this one right here and we'll keep it short and,
sweet. Imagine we have a high timeframe draw on liquidity right here. Let's say it's a four hour
low. Okay. And we're really close to that four hour low. This is market open. What are we looking for?
High timeframe draw on liquidity to get hit. And then following that, looking to target
low timeframe, low resistance liquidity, or high timeframe liquidity. Ideally both,
that would be great. So market opens, we come down, sweep out this high timeframe liquidity.
Okay. Awesome. Let's say that we have relative equal five minute highs right here, or just three,
stacked up trendline liquidity. Okay. That is low resistance liquidity. Again, I'll show you
guys what that looks like on the chart, but we have low resistance liquidity right here.
And then let's say we have a four hour high right here and an hourly high right here. Awesome.
We have our exit points. We come underneath, boom, this high timeframe draw from there.
What are we looking for? Either a break of structure to the upside on the one minute
or an inverse for value gap on the one minute or 79% extension closure. Okay. I'll show
you guys what that looks like on the chart. I won't like draw it out because it's kind of
impossible to draw it out without having the chart up. And then following that, let's say we just get
a break of structure. Awesome. What are we looking for? Either a fair value gap entry
after a candle closure to the upside equilibrium from this low up to this high boom, we come in
there, candlestick closure, a order block entry, order block right here, or a breaker block entry,
breaker block right here. And again, if you guys want to understand these concepts,
there's going to be a free course in the description.
For you guys to check out. Then once we get those enter that bit and then exits are going to be
again above these three highs. Okay. And then this hourly high, and then this four hour high,
those can be our targets. Okay. Now let's go over what it would look like in the opposite
direction. So let's say we have low timeframe, low resistance, liquidity eating swept towards
our high timeframe drawn liquidity. So again, let's say that we have a strong bias towards
this high timeframe drawn liquidity, and we're really close to it. Same situation.
And let's say we have boom, two relative equal five minute highs right here, or three five minute
highs that generate low resistance draws on liquidity market opens. And instead of going
down to take out these lows and look for longs out of that, we go up and we sweep out the low
timeframe, low resistance draw on liquidity from there. What are we looking to do? Because we hit
this, we're targeting the high timeframe draw, which is right here. So we go up, we take those
out. Then what do we look for? Break of structure, inverse fair value gaps.
So again, we want to see a break of structure, the downside, a inverse for value gap or a closure
above or below the 79% extension. And then from there, what are we looking for? For value gap,
boom candle closure, enter that bit equilibrium, boom, enter that bit breaker block, order block,
all that good stuff. And then our one and really only target should just be boom,
this high timeframe draw, because that was our strong bias for the day. Awesome. Now let's
go into the chart and then show you guys what this actually looks like with real candlesticks.
Okay. So this was a very good example of using the strategy from last week. This was on Tuesday.
Again, if you guys want to see the full trade recap breakdown of me, actually entering this
trade live, you guys can it's on YouTube for you guys to check out. So again, this is market open.
We had this four hour low. So we had our high timeframe draw on liquidity right here.
And just like in those examples, we were super close to that,
four hour low pre market open. And then if we look at the S and P 500,
we were also super close to this four hour low right here. We actually didn't end up hitting it.
I'm going to show you guys the trade entry on NASDAQ because it's way more in line with how I'm
teaching the strategy I entered on the S and P 500, because I was using an SMT divergence, which
again, I go into in the free course for, if you guys want to learn that confluence, that's great.
Not necessary for the strategy though. And I'll show you guys why. So again, I just want to
preface. I took this trade on the S and P 500 where we didn't sweep out the four hour low,
but I'll break down how you guys could have entered this trade on NASDAQ, where we actually
did sweep out the four hour low. So pre-market open, what do we have? High timeframe draw on
liquidity. Okay, cool. What else did we have? We actually had two versions of this setup. So this
was awesome. So during pre-market, we also had, look at this five minute highs that were stacked
here. So what is this? This is low resistance liquidity. So I want to do a brief breakdown on
what low resistance liquidity is. Low resistance liquidity is essentially a stack of highs that
are all pretty close to each other, where there's orders to be filled up here, orders to be filled
right here and orders to be filled right here. So if we're thinking in the market standpoint,
why would the market want to just go up and take out one singular high and only fill
one set of orders when it could just go through and take out all of these highs, fill all of those
orders and then push price in the direction that it wants to go, right? It doesn't really make
too much sense. It would ideally want to take out all of them. So that's what low resistance
liquidity is. It's where we have orders to be filled here, orders to be filled here,
and then orders to be filled here, where the market probably isn't going to want to take out
just one of these highs and then move lower, especially because these highs are so close.
It's ideally going to want to take out every single one of them and then push lower.
Same thing in the opposite direction. If we have lows that are stacked up right next to each other,
what is this? This is low resistance liquidity. Why is it called low resistance liquidity?
Because it's easy for the market to just come through and sweep out all of these lows at once,
rather than, again, it just doesn't make sense for price to only want to come down and take out
one low and then move up when it could get three times the amount of orders by taking out all of
them altogether. And there's actually a good example of this. This was a prime time
example day. There's a good example of this on the high timeframe on this day and on the low
timeframe. So on the high timeframe, we can see there's a low right here, a low right here,
and a low right here. So what is this? And this is why people call it trendline liquidity because
it's boom, low, low, low. It's like lows that are stacked up together in a trend. So we see
low, low, low. And then we also have a low all the way down here. Why is this low not a part of this?
Why is this low not a part of this? Why is this low not a part of this? Because obviously,
there's a huge gap in between it. Again, there's another really good example of this right here.
Low, low, low, and low. Look what the market does. It wants to take out every single one of these
to push price higher. It's low resistance liquidity. It's easy for price to just come down,
take out all of those lows, and then send price higher. So again, why did market only want to take
out these three lows and not this one all the way down here? Because these three were stacked up.
So again, that gives us an even stronger bias of why this would be a high timeframe draw on
liquidity because it's the last low that price needs to take out along with being a four-hour
low. Okay. So from there, we can go ahead. Let me remove these five-minute highs really quick,
and we can go ahead and mark out our other draws on liquidity. We have an hourly high right here.
We have an hourly high right here, an hourly high right here, an hourly high right here. And then on
minute, we have low resistance liquidity all stacked up right here. Again, why is this high
not grouped with these ones? Because these ones are stacked up close to each other, and this one,
there's just a little bit too much of a gap between it. Okay. So this is trendline liquidity,
low resistance liquidity. So what do we see price do? Again, there was pretty much two entries on
this. I don't like entering right when the market opens, but this is a perfect example of both ways
so this can actually be our example for the opposite way as well, where we take out low
resistance liquidity to go ahead and target our high timeframe draw. What does price do? It opens,
and then what do we do? We push up, we take out low resistance liquidity. What can we do? We scale
down to the one-minute timeframe. Okay. Why are we able to do this? Because we have this high
timeframe draw down here. And then what are we looking for? Either a break of structure, an
inverse for value gap. This one, it looks like we get a break of structure right here on the one
minute. And then from there, we get a break of structure right here on the one minute. And then
from there, unfortunately, it doesn't look like any of our continuation confluences got hit. We
really would have been looking for this for value gap to get filled, which it didn't,
equilibrium or a breaker block or an order block, but it didn't get filled. But as you can see,
price goes ahead and targets this high timeframe draw. So that's low resistance to high timeframe
draw. Now let's show the actual trade, the good trade example that we would be looking for.
So we come down, we take out the high timeframe draw. Awesome. Check. What do we do? Scale,
down to the lower timeframes. What are we waiting for? Boom. One minute break of structure,
one minute inverse for value gap. We get both of them and we get the 79% extension
hit. So I'll break down all of those right now. We get boom, a one minute break of structure.
We close above this high after taking out the high timeframe draw. What else do we get?
We get this bearish fair value gap to get inverse. And then on top of that,
this is the 79% extension disrespection. So you pretty much draw it just like a regular Fibonacci.
So you take it from the high down to the low as if you guys are drawing a equilibrium. I'll go
ahead and show my settings. Cause I know you guys just love figuring out what type of settings I use
on my chart. These are the settings that I use. Take a screenshot. You guys can use this for
later. Okay. And then all that we're looking for, if we don't get an inverse for value gap,
or if we don't get a break of structure, the upside, we get all, all three of those
confirmation confluences. All that I'm looking for is price to close above the 79% extension.
Speaker 1 Which it does right here. Awesome. Following that, what are we looking for? We're
looking for either equilibrium to get hit fair value gap to get hit. And then a bullish closure
out of that. So again, we get a little move down right here. What is this? A bullish for value gap.
We fill it and then boom, candlestick closer to the top side, long John silver, that bit long,
that bit. And then what can we go ahead and target? Look at this. All of our other highs that
we had marked out, boom, low resistance, strong liquidity, boom, hourly drawn liquidity, boom,
hourly drawn liquidity. Speaker 1
All of that shit gets smacked work for literally a one to 4.8 risk to reward ratio. And in this
case, our five minute strategy did not present an entry until after these two draws on liquidity got
hit. And at that point, I'm not willing to take the trade on the five minute timeframe because
it's just so late in the day and the moves already been made and we've already taken out
areas where profits should be taken. So this is why the strategy is so useful because again,
if I hadn't been able to find an entry,
Speaker 1 With this,
then I knew where the market wanted to go, but I wouldn't have been able to take a trade.
And on top of that, we get a really good risk to reward compared to probably like half,
if not less than half of the risk to reward on a higher timeframe, more confluence,
safer trade by trading with this strategy. So that like that was just like freaking prime
time example of literally the aggressive trade entry strategy. Okay. We long off of the candle
closure out of this. We come into the high time from draw on liquidity. We see a break of
structure. We see an inverse for value gap. What are we looking for out of that? We also got, or
sorry, no, we didn't fill this order block, but this was the order block right here. Did we fill
the breaker? Okay. Yeah. We literally two stepped into this breaker block right here. Just barely
pretty much made equal highs and lows with this breaker block. We don't hit equilibrium, but we
don't need every single one of those to get hit for us to be able to enter. So this was absolutely
prime time, super gorgeous example. Now let's go ahead and let's find an example of us taking out
low resistance draws on liquidity, going down towards a high timeframe draw on liquidity,
because this one was a pretty good example of us coming up and taking out these low resistance
highs towards the high timeframe draw, but we weren't able to find an entry. So
we'll go ahead and do that now. Okay. So this is going to be another actually really good example
both pretty much both directions of the low timeframe, low resistance, liquidity,
getting swept out towards a high timeframe draw. And then on top of that high timeframe draw
towards low resistance draws on liquidity or another high timeframe draw. And this is going
to be showcasing this with the example that I showed before, and this is on the S and P 500 now.
So coming into market open, what do we notice? We see a whole bunch of high timeframe draws on
liquidity stacked up. So this is high timeframe, low resistance draws on liquidity. Now, if we go
to the lower timeframes, okay, what do we have? We have these lows that hadn't been hit during
pre-market, these lows that hadn't been hit during pre-market. And then we have some hourly highs
up here. And then when we go into the five minute, we can go ahead and see that we have
boom, low timeframe high right here. So we see, look at this, that, oh man,
so good. So freaking good. Market opens, we come up, we sweep out this five minute high.
Okay.
Awesome. Low resist liquidity gets it with our obvious high timeframe draws and draws on
liquidity in mind. Again, we, if we think back to our rules, we need two draws on liquidity,
whether that be low resistance to a high timeframe draw or a high timeframe draw towards low
resistance or another high timeframe draw. Okay. So in this case, we actually, there's hits in both
directions. We have a high timeframe draw towards another high timeframe draw and low resistance
towards a high timeframe draw, but which one gets hit first low resistance towards the high timeframe
draw.
So again, on the five minute, we come through, we sweep out this five minute high from there.
Cool. Step one complete. Why are we able to scale down? Because we know that, hey,
these are high timeframe draws. It's obvious that this is the overall draw on liquidity for the day.
Why do we know that? Because we've already came through. We took out this low, we took out this
low. These are high timeframe lows that are stacked up low resistance draws and liquidity.
What is the market going to want to do? It's going to want to take out this low,
this low, and these lows. Why? Because there's,
there's more orders for price to go through and get filled.
Now, this is also during a time
that I wouldn't necessarily be willing to trade,
but it's a really good example of this.
So I'll show it in actually both directions
because, oh man, hey bro, I crafted this bitch so good.
Okay, we come up, we sweep out that five minute high
from there, what are we looking for?
Either a one minute break of structure,
one minute inverse for value gap, 79% extension closure.
Boom, we get a break of structure.
We also get an inverse for value gap
and we get the 79% extension closure.
From there, what else can we look for?
We can look for a breaker block.
We can look for order block.
Okay, so we have an order block right here.
That doesn't get hit.
We have the breaker right here.
That barely gets missed.
We can see if equilibrium gets hit.
Equilibrium does get hit
and this fair value gap comes through and gets filled.
We come up,
we build a fair value gap and equilibrium gets hit.
We get a candle closure out of that.
Boom, short that bit.
And in this case,
because we have two high timeframe draws on liquidity,
we can go ahead and target both of them.
Now, unfortunately this isn't like the best
risk to reward ratio, but also, okay,
this is actually something nice
because we know that these high timeframe draws
on liquidity are technically low resistance draws
on liquidity.
We can get rid of this one and just set this
as our one and only take profit
because we know that price is going to want
to take out both of them.
So we can go ahead and just disregard this low
because if it's going to take out this low,
which we know it wants to,
it's also going to want to take out this one.
Why?
Because they're stacked up and it wants four orders
rather than just three.
So price goes down, boom, take profit gets hit.
And then what can we do also in the other direction?
I don't want to advocate for over-trading,
but what can we also see in the other direction?
High timeframe draw on liquidity gets hit.
Now, what do we have to the top side?
We have boom, high timeframe draws.
We also have this five minute high right here that was made,
right at market open.
High timeframe draw gets hit.
What are we waiting for?
We're waiting for a break of structure,
inverse for value gap.
We get a break of structure right here,
but we come back down.
We don't get any continuation confluence off of it.
So what do we do?
We continue waiting, boom.
We get a break of structure to the upside.
We also get an inverse bears for value gap.
Cool, we get a 79% extension closure above.
Then following that, what do we get?
Boom, fair value gap gets hit.
Boom, this order block gets hit.
Boom, this breaker block gets hit.
Boom, equilibrium gets hit.
We see a bullish candle closure out of that.
Awesome, long that bitch.
Boom, we can either put stops right underneath these lows,
underneath this candlestick wick.
And then from there, what can we do?
We can literally just target these highs.
That's like just our first take profit.
One to 3.4 risk to reward ratio smack work.
And if we really want to hold that bitch,
one to eight risk to reward ratio.
Fucking smack work.
Hey bro, all I'm gonna say, this works really well.
And then I'm pretty sure on this day,
we got our high timeframe strategy to work as well.
Yes, we did, look at this.
So again, this, oh baby, it's getting juicy.
This aggressive, we put half of our risk on
because we have this super strong bias, right?
From there, what can we do?
We can wait for our five minute setup to then develop.
What do we get?
A five minute break of structure.
Oh man, it's so good.
Five minute break of structure,
five minute fair value gap,
five minute fair value gap gets filled,
scaled down to the one minute in there.
And the reason why I would be willing to enter on this
is because boom, this draw on liquidity
hasn't been taken out yet.
If this draw on liquidity had been taken out,
then I would just take profits on this
and be completely satisfied.
But it hadn't been taken out, then what do we wait for?
Just a one minute break of structure to the upside,
or again, a 79% extension closure.
Just a one minute break of structure to the upside, or again, a 79% extension closure.
Just a one minute break of structure to the upside, or again, a 79% extension closure.
Or a inverse fair value gap.
We get a break of structure.
Boom.
Long that beat.
Stops underneath here.
One to eight risk to reward,
one to 4.7 risk to reward.
Higher, safer entry here.
More aggressive, more risky entry here.
But we literally get like so much more profits from this.
And that is how I find aggressive trade entries.
I really appreciate you guys
for watching to the end of this video.
If you guys have very,
very personalized questions,
like about all of these confluences,
about how I trade,
and you guys are just like,
man, these YouTube videos are awesome,
but I wanna be able to talk to you one-on-one.
I wanna be coached by you
or coached by other profitable traders.
I'll leave a little link in the description
for you guys to be personally coached by me
and other profitable traders,
where you guys can get on a call with us
literally every single weekday
to be able to answer your guys' questions
so we can teach you guys strategies like this.
Like my mentorship has had this strategy for the past,
I wanna say like month and a half now.
Where I've been able to cover this for them,
but again, they take priority over YouTube videos
just because again,
like they are paying for my services
and they are my top priority
to turn them into profitable traders.
And then again, like I have by far the most results,
like use this, use the free content by all means.
Like if you guys are just getting introduced to me,
use the free content, see if it works for you.
If it works for you, awesome.
My job here is completely done.
You just learned how to day trade
for absolutely free.
If you guys are still struggling,
if you guys have super personalized questions,
if you guys just like need a little bit extra help,
if you guys need your guys' handheld,
that's what I'm here for.
I'll leave another link in the description.
If you guys want to become one of my students,
if you guys want to be mentored by me personally,
I love and appreciate you guys.
I'll catch you guys in the next one.
This one was a freaking banger.
Peace out.


==============================
VIDEO 062 — The Trading Industry Will Hate Me for This FREE 10+ Hour Course-grw58BIzotU
==============================

Welcome to the final class. This is going to be the final class that you will need to watch in
your whole entire trading career to understand how to trade. I'm talking about in this 10 hour video,
I am literally going to teach you from zero to 100% from the point that you are literally going
to be able to execute a trade with me inside of this video live. Whatever I do on my phone,
you pause the video, you do it on your phone. Whatever I do on my chart, you pause the video,
you do it on your chart. I'm going to take you through the most step-by-step process that I
have personally ever created or ever even seen online on a complete tutorial and how to teach
you trading from zero to 100%. This is everything in one spot. I swear to God, I wish I had this
video when I started my trading journey. Back in 2019, 2018, when I was learning how to trade
online, nobody created tutorials like this. There was a bunch of different videos throughout the
entire entire industry. I'm not gonna lie. I'm not gonna lie. I'm not gonna lie. I'm not gonna
and I kind of had to piece them all together and by the time that I pieced them all together I
simply had an information overload and I didn't know what I actually needed and what I didn't
actually need. In this video I'm going to teach you everything that you need and I'm going to
briefly explain to you what you don't need so you don't have to simply waste time on it because
the truth of the matter is that right now in trading everybody is having a massive opportunity
to make money online. The more time that you waste having the lack of knowledge and not having
the proper education to go and trade the more time you are missing out on these profits. So I'm
going to make everything on this one video so all you have to do is just watch it from zero to the
end you're going to know exactly how to be able to go out there and execute trades live in the
market. Now I have really been thinking about doing this video for quite some time I just haven't had
the time to actually get it done but when I actually now decided to get this video done I
wanted to this be more than just an information overload video like I wanted you to practice this
in real time you're actually able to go out there
and
and
and
execute live based off of this video something that you actually get value from and you're
actually able to go out to the market and properly do it for yourself. Now you're probably asking
who is this guy that's going to be talking to me for the next 10 hours and he's even a reliable
source. I've been trading the currency market for the last seven years and it took me about
three years to become a profitable trader. I was two and a half years trying to figure out how to
make money online when it comes to trading and after two years of watching endless amounts of
videos and failing I finally figured it out. But it really wasn't always about
trading. I first wanted to make money online but before making money online I was working at Dunkin
Donuts. Before working at Dunkin Donuts I worked at Crocs, Aeropostale, Santa's Enchanted Forest and I
even tried to get a job at a valet parking but I never got hired. I was just a regular high school
student that got out of high school and did not want to go work the regular nine to five. I wanted
to get out of high school and become a successful person. I wanted to become a millionaire. I
remember as this semester was finishing my professor came up to me and he woke me up from an app and he was like hey just
letting you know right now you can not come back tomorrow or not even finish this semester even if
you were to ace every single one of the next test but you're still going to fail the class. And I
said you know what thanks man you just saved me the next two months of my life because I was
going to keep coming in here and falling asleep. Fast forward for the next two months I kept going
to campus because my parents were tracking my location and I had to go to school because they
would you know kick me out of the house ground me if I wasn't going to school. And I was going to
school to just figure out how to make money online. I was figuring out a way on how to
do drop shipping which I tried to buy multiple different products but my credit card limit
wasn't enough so I couldn't have enough inventory. Tried that for a little bit dabbled with it never
had success. And then I tried Airbnb arbitrage so on my free time as soon as I finished work
and got out of the school just sitting in the library trying to figure out how to find the
good properties for Airbnb arbitrage. I realized that when I did find a good property I didn't have
the proper credit and I have the bank statements to sign a lease so then I can sublease it put on
Airbnb so on and so forth.
I pretty much wasted about six months of my life trying to make money online when it came across
you know these different businesses and then one day one of my friends invites me to this event
where they're teaching trading and I'm like oh dude I've heard this stuff before supposedly it's
a scam it's not real. He said you know what what's the worst that can happen I lose a hundred
bucks really all I have at the time to risk on this. I go to the event I get sold on the whole
entire MLM product multi-level marketing and what that really did is that it opened the doors
to what trading is and the possibility that it actually has. I was there for probably 30 days
I realized that these multi-level marketing companies don't teach you how to trade they just
teach you what it is but that opened the gates for me to actually go out there and try and figure
it out. So I tried to go on with stocks and I realized in order for me to actually create an
account in a stock market or with the stock brokerage for you to actually go trade it was
a minimum of $25,000. That was back in 2018-2019 when I was starting to trade. I didn't have $20,000
that there's this forex market it's foreign exchange where the entry barrier is 100 bucks
50 bucks and you have leverage up to one to one thousand and in there that means you have a lot
more buying power in your money the markets are open 24-5 compared to the stock market they're
open nine to five five days a week. I said you know what this is a lot more attractive let me
actually go head first into this. And little did I know that I was going to be walking into one of
the longest darkest and loneliest journeys that I have ever been and that journey began by myself
in the library at Miami-Dade College campus. I was a whole entire year going to Miami-Dade College
campus instead of me learning English or learning mathematics or whatever they were teaching me in
criminal justice I was learning what the foreign exchange market was. Watching endless amounts of
videos on YouTube buying different bunch of different courses trying to see if it all worked
where it all came down to one simple thing and all of that I'm going to be teaching to you guys
in this video completely for free and it's all going to be in one spot. I had to piece so many
different videos together. I had to piece so many different videos together. I had to piece so many
things together to get the same result I did because I gaining hours a book of books making
freeide myself that literally that is probably what took the most amount of time. Getting all the
information that was on the internet hearing the same thing seven different ways realizing I'm
watching the same thing from a different person saying it in a different and then having to
minimize on the information for it to come down to one thing and that is exactly what I'm going
to be doing in this video today and it almost feels like I went by extremely fast now that time
lost a couple thousand dollars. Another six months went by and then I was supposed to be
graduating from college, getting my AA on pretty much year two. And my parents realized that I was
not going to college. And there I had to pretty much break them the news that I was in this whole
trading stuff. And I was probably about a year in, year and a couple months in. And I was so
deeply invested that I had no other choice but to continue to go. There was no way I was going to
continue in figuring out a different way on how to make money online once I've already invested a
whole entire year into this. And things were starting to click, or at least I thought they
were at the time. So I basically broke the news to my parents. I said, hey, I'm trying this whole
trading stuff. I need you guys just to give me some time to figure it out. My parents did not
believe in me. They weren't supportive of it. And I wouldn't either. I have old school Cuban
parents that they barely know how to use WhatsApp. They don't speak English. And they
honestly, just all they understand is work on a regular job. And that's how you're going to
become successful. It's not their fault. They were raised differently, but I knew that there
was different ways on how to make money in this world, especially online.
So after about a year and a half, my parents aren't supporting me. I'm just kind of living
there at the house. I'm literally trading from my mom's closet. And we have a closet downstairs,
and I'm just trading out of that closet. And I'd say probably for the next six to eight months,
it was a battle in between myself and understanding the actual markets. So now I know
exactly what trading is, how it works, but now I'm just trying to figure out these patterns and if
there really is one behind it. And I'd say after six months, it got to the point where I was seeing
the patterns. I would see things happen over and over again, but I just wasn't entering at the exact
point. I was either entering too late, I was entering too early, and I was probably closing
out my profits too short. My stop losses were too tight. I was just doing a lot of minor mistakes
that all accumulatively made me a unprofitable trader. Right around the two-year mark, my
parents once again are pressuring me, what am I going to do with my life? And I just kept asking
for time. So I'm still working at Dunkin' Donuts, dabbling other jobs, but I'm trying to dedicate as
much time as I possibly can to trading. Now, at this point, I seek some
different types of more serious mentorships. I understand a little bit more. You need an actual
strategy for you to actually become a profitable trader. And right around the two and a half year
mark, I went from losing consistently for two and a half years to having my first ever break-even
month. I'm like, well, I think I might be doing something right. Because you know what? This
month, I didn't blow any accounts. I didn't lose any profitable accounts. I think I'm onto
something. The month after that, so two months, two years, and about seven months, I
had another break-even month, but a little bit slightly in profit, probably 1%. And then the
month after that, I was in profit 10%. I went from being an extremely unprofitable trader to then a
break-even trader to having my first profitable month. All of that in the span of nearly three
years. And in this video, I'm going to shorten what I learned in three years, all of the mistakes
that I did, all the unnecessary information that I had in just a one class setting. This is going
to save you guys so much time, so much headache that I can't even, I wish I had this when I
got started. After my first profitable month, everything literally just clicked. I started
going from break-even months to profitable months, to then just this becoming the new normal. All I
had to realistically do was look back at my actual winning month and be like, what did I do right
there? If that's what worked, let me just double down on it when I see it again, and then again,
and again, and again. And then you fast forward for another year. So I'm about three and a half
years into my journey. I am now a full-time trader. I think on my third year,
three months, three years, and one month, I left Dunkin' Donuts, left my job, and I'm now just a
full-time profitable trader. Told my parents that it's actually working. They're seeing the money,
they're believing it. And then right around my fourth year, I decided to just start posting
on social media because that was the only way to pretty much meet people as a trader. Because
if you're a trader, you're kind of in an office like this, you're just home 24-7. You're never
going to really engage with anybody because you don't need to go out to a social setting for
anything. Everything, you can just do it from home. And all of my friends that I had in my,
as I was learning trading, all of my high school friends, I pretty much separated myself from them
because they didn't believe in my journey. They didn't understand what it was. And they were
causing me so much stress trying to convince them of what it is and that it's actually possible
that it was distracting me from the journey. So at this point in my journey, I'm really by myself
and I'm just trying to open up my doors to new people, just meet people, maybe meet some new
girls, attract girls, because I'm realistically just making a decent amount of money by clicking
a couple of buttons and I have so much free time throughout the day.
Like a hurricane or like a snowstorm or whatever you want to call it, it just blew up. I started
posting, you know, I bought my first supercar, which is an Audi R8. I started posting profits.
I'm making a couple thousand dollars every single day. And out of nowhere, this created this massive
community of other people wanting to learn how to do the same thing. The questions that I was
getting asked were pretty simple questions. And I decided to say, you know what, let me just start
helping people. And I just started posting YouTube videos and fast forward another three, four years,
and we're here where I arguably think I have one of the biggest trading communities in the industry.
And I have helped thousands of people all around the world and shortened their learning curve from
years to months and gotten people to make tens of mistakes a day to maybe one a week. And then
them learning from that and using those losses that they avoid to optimize and actually be able
to risk the correct amount of money on the right markets. So it all went from being a unprofitable
business without even knowing it, posting it accidentally on social media, it blowing up now to the point where I just
changed traders lives all around the world. And now this video is for you. And the only reason why I gave you this whole
entire backstory is so you understand at the point where I am right now in my journey. I have so much free time that
all I genuinely have passion about right now is just helping other people. I am literally dedicating more than 10 hours
to make this video for you because this video is going to probably be 10 hours and I'm done with it. But for me to record it for
you, this is how I get short and down to the point where I probably put 20, 25 hours into this video. I'm doing this for you. So all I ask for you is to literally only focus on this video. And if by the end of this video, you did not learn anything, you have absolutely no value, hit the unsubscribe button, block me, never look at me ever again, don't believe me. But I am putting so much time and so much effort into this video because I personally really do wish I saw one of these videos when I got started in my journey. So if you have any question, if you have any concern, just go back, pause the video right now. And I'll see you in the next one. Bye.
If I were to show you the amounts of notes that I took when I was learning in my journey, I think I wrote down the same thing 15 different times because I was watching 15 of the same videos just in different ways from different people. And that confused me so much because everybody was saying it in a different way. And what I can guarantee you is in order for you to become a profitable trader like me, there is no other video that you need to watch online, including my own, because this video is literally going to teach you every single topic that you need to learn.
Every single subject that you need to know to understand the markets exactly that I knew. Once this video is finished, the only thing that separates you and I is going to be experience. That is what's going to lead you to become a profitable trader. So right now, if you're driving, you're at work, you're on a lunch break, and you started this video, make sure you pause it, put a bookmark on it and come back to it when you're ready to sit down and actually focus. Do not half-ass this video. Do not put it on 2x. The points of trading is for you to take your time with it. This is a marathon.
Not a sprint. And you attempting to learn this information faster is actually going to slow you down because you're trying to speed things up and get all this information as fast as you can. It actually slows you down because you're not going to process it and understand it. And you're going to have to come back and watching it again. So it's going to actually take you double the amount of time. No matter how fast you want to learn this, it takes time. It takes repetition. And you need to understand this is a brand new language. And perfect analogy that I can put is let's say you're going to go build a house.
And the same day you buy the land, that same exact day you have the builders, you have the plumbers, you have the roofers, you have the carpenters, you have the landscapers, everything. You cannot have the roofers put on the roof if the builders haven't even built up the walls. You cannot have the gardeners put up the garden if they haven't finished the construction. You're going to mess up your garden. Everything is a step-by-step process and it takes time. And that is exactly what this video is intended to do. It's intended to go step-by-step in the correct order and for it to
be taken by time for me to explain to you so you understand it at the correct time. Now, with that being said, let's officially begin this video. And if you are not 100% ready to write down notes, if you don't have your notepad out, if you're not in a calm setting, if you're not locked in, you don't have your headphones in, do not watch this video. Click the pause button and come back when you're ready. It's going to be a lot more effective that you watch this video when you are 100% prepared to actually watch this video. So you take notes effectively and you understand everything effectively. So with that being said,
let's begin. So what is this trading stuff? What is this Forex? What is this stocks? What is this crypto indices, commodities, futures? What is this charts? What is trading? Well, I'm sure we've all seen charts, right? This is what a chart is. A chart is when something goes up or something goes down. You've probably seen it either on an actual candlestick format like that, or you've seen it on a line chart like this. These are different ways on how the markets
are seen. You can see it on a line chart. You can see it on a bunch of different ways. And don't
worry, we're going to get into all of those different ways in just a second. But what exactly
is trading? Well, trading is when you're literally doing what it says, when you are trading. You're
trading one thing for another. Now, some people think when it comes to the Forex exchange market,
the foreign exchange market, that you're actually trading one currency for the other. Some people
think that, oh, the Euro and the dollar, you're actually buying the Euro and you're exchanging it
for the dollar, or you're selling the dollar and then buying the Euro. At no point are you ever
actually doing that. You're essentially just betting that something's going to be going up
or something that's going to be going down. We're going to get into all of that in just a second.
Now, before I actually get into the charts and I show you how to actually read the markets,
I first need to teach you and educate you on the actual markets. What are these markets? What do
they consist of? When I actually buy a currency, am I actually owning it? Do I actually buy the
Euro? Does that mean that I own the Euro? If I actually were to buy gold, does that
mean that I actually own gold? If I were to trade the NASDAQ, do I actually own a piece of a
company? Let me break down these actual markets and what they consist of. Right here, we're going
to have all of the main markets that are going to run the trading industry or the trading niche.
These are in order. The first market is going to be the foreign exchange market,
also known as the Forex market, where every single day it moves anywhere from $7.5 to $8 trillion
on a daily basis. This is not only the largest market in the world, but it is actually
decentralized and it is open 24-5. Now, when I started trading in 2018, 2019, I remember reading
this exact same sentence right here, and it was anywhere from $5 to $6.5 trillion. The fact that
in just five, six years, this has nearly almost added $3 trillion into trading volume is absolutely
absurd to me. This just shows the amount of opportunity that is needed to trade in the
market. The beauty of this market is that it is available 24-5. You can pretty much trade it
whenever you want throughout the week. That is the beauty of the foreign exchange market. It is the
most volatile market, has the most opportunity in it, and it is available the most out of any
single market. Next is going to be the stock market, which you've all heard of the New York
Stock Exchange. That's where people would trade on the trading floor. This is where the global
stock market trades, and it's anywhere from $200 billion to $300 billion on a daily basis.
So you can realize the magnitude and the size of the foreign exchange market. It is nearly 15 times
bigger, 20 times bigger on a daily basis because you're trading every single currency in the world.
Right here in the global stock market, you're pretty much just trading around the US, mainly
around the NASDAQ and all of these other different USA companies. Next, we have the commodity market,
which is going to consist of futures, oil, gold, wheat,
and oil. The daily volume from this can vary in a couple of billion dollars, but it's around $100 billion on a daily basis.
Now, when you go trade the commodities markets, when you go, let's say you're going to go buy
gold, for example, it doesn't mean you actually are going to own a piece of gold. You're just
betting. You're basically betting with the markets that gold is going to go up in price.
That's pretty much it. When you go buy oil or you go sell oil, at no point are you actually
owning any oil. It's all digital currency. It's all
money. It's all money. It's all money. It's all money. It's all money. It's all money. It's all money. It's all money. It's all money.
It's all money. It's all money. It's all money. It's all money. It's all money on the screen.
They're basically making an educated bet if this market is going to go up or it's going to go
down. At no point do you ever own anything when trading any of these markets, except
the cryptocurrency markets. The cryptocurrency market has an average volume of 100 to 200 billion
in a day trading volume, but it is extremely volatile and is mainly controlled by Bitcoin
and Ethereum and a couple of other stable coins. Now, obviously, the problem with cryptocurrency is
there's no centralization around it. It's completely decentralized, very much how it is when it comes to the
foreign exchange market. But these currencies are backed by countries. They've been backed by
hundreds of years. The crypto market is still fairly new. It's been around for, let's call it,
20 years at the max, 25 years. And it's something that is completely decentralized. And when you
actually trade a cryptocurrency, let's say you're trading Bitcoin, Bitcoin, you actually own it.
If you trade Bitcoin and it goes up, you make money with it. If you trade Ethereum and it goes
down, you lose money with it. Very similar how it works with the foreign exchange market. But when
you're trading the foreign exchange market, at no given point, you actually own some of the actual
currency. Let's say I'm trading Euro, USD. At no point do I actually own Euro or do I own USD.
So out of these, I'm going to go into great detail of how you can actually trade them,
which ones you should be trading, which ones you shouldn't be trading,
and how you can actually build a profitable strategy to actually trade on these markets.
These are going to be the main markets that are going to be out in the
markets and that you should have any interest in trading them. Any markets inside of these,
they simply don't have enough trading volume. And if they don't have enough volume, which is
big numbers like this, the odds of you becoming a profitable trader are much more difficult because
lack of volatility means lack of opportunity. You want to make sure that you are in a market that
has a fair amount of volatility, not too much because then you're prone to getting major losses
and all of that I'll explain later into the video as well. But you want to make sure that you have
decent amount of volatility so you can have good opportunity to actually make money when it comes
to trading. But I personally have been trading the foreign exchange market for the last seven years
successfully. And lately I've been dabbling a little bit with commodities and I just have been
investing into crypto when it comes to long-term. This is my form of an asset. I would much rather
put multiple six figures into a digital currency where it can make me 20, 30% annually compared
to putting it into real estate, where let's say it can make you those same returns, but I have to
make less headache. I've never personally traded the stock market just because I am not interested
in trading in a market that does not have anywhere near as much volume or availability
as the foreign exchange market. I've traded the NASDAQ, I've traded the SPX 500 and all of these
other stock markets. And you can also do that in the foreign exchange market. And all of that,
we're going to be breaking that into this video and we're going to be actually taking a trade
together. You're going to be able to pause the video, look at the profits or losses on your
actual end, and then you're going to be able to have a clear understanding of how to actually
do this for yourself. And now before we get right started into what is actually trading,
I want to bust every single myth that is out there online. All of the myths that my parents thought
that this was, that even including myself thought this was, are just the people that have an opinion
on something that they're just simply not educated on. And there's nothing wrong with having an
opinion, but it's always good to get educated on it. So I'm going to bust every single myth
on what trading isn't. Trading isn't a Ponzi scheme. There is Ponzi schemes out there on people
systems around trading. That is entirely true. But trading itself is not a Ponzi scheme. Like
people are just essentially betting that something is going to go up in value or that it's going to
go down in value. If it goes up in value, people make money. If it goes down in value, people lose
money. That is what trading is. So no, it's not a Ponzi scheme. Also in order for you to actually
become a trader, you don't need to be a mathematician. You don't need to go to
college. You don't need to get a degree. You don't need to be a genius. To be fair, I graduated
school with nearly a 1.7 GPA, I think it was, or a 2.0 GPA. I can't even remember what it was.
I barely passed high school. I failed at college. I was not the smartest kid in class,
but what I did do was show up every single day to try and figure this out.
I had a driving mindset that was going to lead me to success, but I did not know what
was the root square of 75 when a car is driving at 50 miles an hour and X equals five. I have
no idea to this day what that is, and I don't need to, and I've had two Bugattis. So I think
I've done very well. Trading is not something that you need to have habits for. You don't need to
wake up every single day and meditate. You don't need to wake up and light up a candle, read a
book, set a starting light, all of that Instagram, TikTok stuff, that is not real. You do not need
any of these morning routines in order for you to become a successful trader and understand how to
read the markets. I can be looking at the markets in front of my computer. I could be looking at it
onto a flight. I can be looking at it while I'm driving, while I'm at the beach, while I'm doing
anything. All I need is a screen and decent amount of internet, and I'm able to go ahead and look at
the markets. You don't need to set up a whole entire ambiance around you to actually read and
understand the markets. If you know how to read it, you know how to read it. And trading is also
something that a lot of people think like, oh, we're going to wait for price to come all the way
to the bottom. So we buy, we're going to sell all the way at the top. We do not try and predict tops
or bottoms. Actually, we do not. We do not. We do not. We do not. We do not. We do not. We do not. We do not.
Actually on the complete contrary, I want the market to be moving up very aggressively,
and I want to buy with that market. The trend is your friend. I've had that quote on my desk.
I think for seven years. The trend is your friend. I am not here to create a trend. I'm not here to
break a trend. I'm here to trade with the trend. What do you think is easier to swim against the
currents or with it. And here in trading, you're here to swim with the current. At no point are we
ever trying to predict something when it hits all the way at the bottom, and then we buy
or something when it hits all the way at the top and then we sell. We trade with the trends.
And another one of the biggest misconceptions that people have is that they think that they
need to be in front of the markets all day in order for them to actually read the market and
become a profitable trader. Do you need to be in front of the markets for a long period of time
for you to actually understand how the markets move? Yes. But once you get it, you don't need
to be in front of the markets every single day. Another one of the biggest misconceptions that
traders have or people in general when they get started into trading is that you need to be in
front of the markets all day every single day in order for you to be a trader and a profitable
trader. That cannot be further from the truth. The less amount of time that you spend in front
of the markets, the more amount of money that you're going to make. It's very counterintuitive
because at the beginning, you actually need to spend a lot of time so you can learn and practice
it. But once you understand the skill set, then you don't need to be in front of the markets all
day every single day. It's like when you're going to go learn a language. Let's say you're going to
learn Chinese, for example. It's your first time learning Chinese. Are you going to have to
spend a lot of time learning Chinese? Are you going to have to spend a lot of time learning
Chinese? Are you going to have to spend a lot of time learning Chinese? Are you going to have to
spend more time than the regular person that wants to learn Chinese in the class. Yes, you're going
to have to spend more time. But after you learning Chinese and being in the class for an extra hour
every single day for the last six months, it gets to the point where you no longer have to be in
class for you to understand Chinese and to perfect it. You could be listening to some music. You could
be interacting with people on the street. That is where you practice it and you perfect it. And then
you don't need to speak Chinese every single day in order for you to master and perfect it. You just
need to make it part of your normal routine and it just becomes second nature. Once you learn it,
you're not going to unlearn it. It's the exact same thing with trading. Once you learn it,
you don't need to be in front of the markets every single day to trade. You only trade when it's time
to trade. And by far, probably the most important one, people think you need money to make money in
trading. And I'm going to answer this. The answer is true. You do need money to make money, but you
don't need a lot of money to make money. You don't need a lot of money to make money. You don't need
a lot of money to get involved into trading and make a decent amount of money. You can get started
with a couple hundred bucks, maybe a couple thousand bucks, and that is going to lead you
to have returns equally to what you invest. It is all based off of risk to reward. If you risk a
hundred bucks, you're going to make a couple hundred bucks. If you risk a couple thousand
bucks, you're going to make a couple thousand bucks. You're not going to turn a one single
handedly hundred dollar bill or a couple hundred dollar bills into a quantillion. That's not going
to happen. Can you multiply it and scale it over time with proper risk management?
Yes, but you don't need a large amount of money to get involved. And people have this conception
as well as as soon as they put the money into the market, it's automatically gone. No, that is the
complete opposite. You actually predetermine how much you want to risk of the capital that you put
into trading every single time. Let's say right now I go and deposit a hundred bucks into the
broker that I'm going to be using. That doesn't mean that that hundred bucks is invested right
away. That just means that the money is inside of a platform that then I can go and
keep one of these positions on. Now, before I execute that position, I'm going to pre-calculate
my risk on my hundred dollars. I only feel comfortable risking $10 on this trade. That's
all I'm going to lose. I'm going to be teaching you guys on how to do that throughout this whole
entire video, but I want to make it extremely clear what trading is not. Okay. So now that
you understand that there is different types of markets out there, you have the currency market,
commodity stocks, you have crypto. There is many different types of traders that execute
these type of markets. For example, we can have what is called a position trader, which these
are also known as whales, which these traders happen to take anywhere from one to two positions
a month. These are people that have large sums of monies and they're realistically not interested
in being active every single day or every single week. So now moving on, now that you understand
that there is many different markets out there, you have the foreign exchange, the stocks,
the crypto, all of these different markets. There's different types of
ways of trading these markets and there's many different types of traders that execute these
markets. Now you can trade these markets as if you were to be a position trader, a swing trader,
day trader, or a scalper. You can be any one of these traders and execute this style of trading
on any one of those markets. For example, if you were to be a position trader, these are also
considered whales because they are risking large sums of money either once or twice a month on
certain positions that they take. They aim to have anywhere,
from two to three to 4% a month, realistically with minimal effort, minimal activity, and just
large sums of money. These large sums of money are, this is why they're called whales and position
trading, but this is more for kind of institution style and people that aren't really active in
front of the markets every single day. Can you make money as a position trader? Of course,
but it does require large sums of money because you're looking to target bigger trades. So you're
going to have very, very, very big take profits, very, very, very,
big stop losses. I've attempted this style of trading in the past. It's just very expensive
because you have to risk large amounts of money because you get charged every single time you
hold a position. And I'm going to get into all that stuff later into the video, but this is a
future way of, I think everybody will eventually become a trader of as you progress throughout
this whole entire chain. Next, we have a swing trader. So a swing trader is somebody that
takes anywhere from four to five positions a month. And these positions that they take are
not as big.
As the positions traders, but they are decently big trades. And these trades happen to have the
best risk to reward out of any one of the traders. The swing traders are the ones that look on the
higher timeframe, but still incorporate the lower timeframes to have entries and have great risk
rewards. I personally, myself and a mix or a hybrid of a swing trader and a day trader. And
this has led me to be able to have the sniper entries of a day trader and the take profits and
the great risk to reward. And I've been able to do that for a long time. And I've been able to
do that. And this is going to be really helpful to me as well as for the swing trader.
And I'm going to talk a little bit about the swing trader. And I'm going to start off
by talking about the swing trader. And I'm going to be talking about the big, big, big
trades because of the swing trading approach. So a swing trader takes anywhere from four
to five trades a month. The trades that they take are very sniper, very accurate. And
this tends to be probably more patient traders next to the position trade. Next to that,
we have a day trader. So they trade or somebody that are obviously most commonly known in
the trade industry. We all know trading because of they trade, you trade every single day,
but that doesn't mean that you're actually trading every single day, but you're more
or less looking to be active.
two to three times a week on a market really depends the types of opportunities that you get
because typically if you were to enter a trade today it should hit your take profit today maybe
it can overlap into tomorrow that's where you take anywhere from two to three maybe even four
trades a week on the higher end day traders tend to have anywhere from a 40 to 50 percent win rate
but obviously they're taking a lot of positions and their risk to reward isn't as high a swing
traders win rate tends to be anywhere from 60 to 65 percent because they're taking less trades
which the quality means that they're much better and then a swing traders win rate tends to be
anywhere from 70 to 65 percent but their risk to reward tends to be even greater than that
last but not least or like i would like to say definitely least is going to be a scalper scalp
trading is probably what every single person thinks that they are when they come into trading
because people think that the more amount of positions
they're going to have the more they're going to have the more they're going to have the more
that you are in the more money that you will make and that cannot be further from the truth a
scalper somebody that tries to take two to three trades every single day a trade every single day
and that actually overexposes yourself and puts you at more risk because the more you get involved
into the market the more risk you are in the more you're actually trading the more odds you have of
losing the less you trade the less likely you are to lose so then you might ask me wait alex so how
do you actually make money if you're not involved you make money by entering the right trade at the
right spot and you're not involved you're not involved you're not involved you're not involved
and you let it ride you make money while the market moves you don't make money by getting
involved into the market two very very big there's two completely different things and the quicker
you understand that the quicker you're going to make money in trade you don't make money in
trading by getting involved you make money in trading by getting involved at the right time
at the right place and let the market move let the market do its thing let it create the market
structure let it go up let it go down whatever you're doing with it and that's where you make
the money every single time
you enter a position you're adding more risk to your account which in turn can end up to you losing
yes it could also mean that you can make money but nowhere near as if you were to enter one solid
position and you let it run if this doesn't make sense right now don't worry it's all going to
click throughout this video right now i just want you to have a deep understanding of the different
types of traders that there is out there my personal favorite is going to be a day trader
or a swing trader and in the happy medium right in the middle everybody starts off as a scalp
trader because they want to enter a bunch of positions thinking they're going to make more
but then they end up developing and growing as a person and become a day trader these are the main
types of traders that go and execute on either the foreign exchange market the stock market or
the crypto market okay so now that you understand that what type of markets you're going to be
trading the type of trader that you can be on this market it's actually start breaking down
the exact markets that you are going to be trading we'll figure out what type of trader you are later
in this journey and see which one makes the most sense for you but the most important thing that
we're going to talk about today is what type of markets you're going to be trading so we're going
to be breaking down the foreign exchange markets this is the most volatile markets the markets
with the most amount of opportunity and gives you the most possibility to make the most amount of
money so we're going to be breaking down a forex pair a currency pair a market that is consisted
of currency right so as you can tell all of these markets here to my right hand side they're all
different types of currency markets the usd versus the cad the pound versus the canadian
the australian versus the canadian and don't worry i'm going to teach you
how to set up this whole trading view all of this chinese that you think this is this is a new
language to you don't worry i'm going to help you set all of this up but we're going to first start
off by breaking down what is a currency pair and how does this even work well in order for you to
trade the foreign exchange market you have to trade one currency against the other you're
basically betting that one is going to get stronger than the other or that that one's
going to get weaker than the other which enhances the same exact thing if something gets stronger
that means the other gets weaker it's very simple so all we are doing
when we are trading a currency market is we are betting that something is either going to go up
or betting that something is going to go down at no given point if i'm trading the euro usd for
example which is this market that we have here at no point am i ever actually owning any actual
euro or am i actually ever selling the dollar against the euro or buying the euro against the
dollar if i'm trading the canadian dollar versus the pound at no point do i actually own any
canadian dollars or do i have any british pounds at no given point all i am doing is i am betting
that one is going to get stronger than the other so how does this betting work you may
ask well it's very simple this is a currency pair it's made up of two different currencies
the first currency is going to be the base so this is the base currency of the pair then we
have the quote currency which is the other currency pair these two markets are constantly in a battle
of who is stronger than the other if this market decides to continue to go to the upside and it
starts creating market structure like this to the upside that means that the euro is stronger
than the dollar if this market is then moving to the downside like this then that means that the
dollar is stronger than the euro now how would i know that how does that make sense well it's very
simple because this base currency is what's going to drive the price up if we are currently
with a very strong euro market and the euro is very very very strong that is going to mean that
it's stronger than the dollar and it's going to push price to the upside if the dollar is going
to become strong then that means that it's going to be stronger than the euro and it's going to
push price to the downside so this quote currency the best way to understand it is if it's getting
strong you want the market to go down if this base currency is getting strong you want
this market to then go up. Now, I wanted to be very clear. When you want this market to be strong,
when you want the Euro to go to the upside, you want to buy this market. You're going to buy
Euro USD. Once again, you're not buying any Euros. You're essentially just betting that the Euro is
going to get stronger than the dollar for a period of time, whether that be a couple of hours, a day,
a week, a month, whatever the case is. But then if you want to sell Euro USD, at no given point are
you actually selling the dollar. You're just betting that the dollar is going to get stronger
than the Euro. So are they both equally as important? Can they both have equally the
same amount of moves? Absolutely. Just because a market is going up doesn't mean that that's
going to be more probable or stronger than a market that is going down. Remember, this market
going down doesn't mean that the dollar is getting weak. It actually means that it's going
to be getting stronger against the Euro. So whenever you are selling Euro USD,
or selling any market, you're basically betting that this market is indeed getting stronger than
this one. It really comes down to the way it represents. In this battle, or in any battle,
if somebody is winning, that means that they are standing up and fighting, and if somebody is
losing, they fall down to the floor. Well, in this market, it's actually the complete opposite
because this fight never ends. This fight is a forever going market between the dollar and the
Euro. Market's going up, market's going down. And whenever the markets are going up, that
means that the Euro is winning the fight. Whenever the markets are going down, that means that the
dollar is winning the fight. But at no point does a fight ever end. The fight is always going to go
on as long as we have both of these currencies. So whenever the fight is going down, that means
that the dollar is getting strong, the Euro is getting weak. Whenever the fight decides to
continue to go back up, that means that then the Euro is going to be getting stronger against the
Euro. That's really what it comes down to. These are two fighters fighting up and down, and then
they're going in one direction. That means they're getting strong. Now, what are these numbers right
here, right? What is this numbers that keep going up and down? Well, this is actually probably the
most important thing that you need to understand what it is, but you're never going to actually
use it because you don't really care what the actual exchange rate. So these numbers right
here are the exchange rate of the actual currency pair. And as you can see it right here on the live
market, that's why it's 1.17. So $1.17 is going to equal the exchange rate of the actual currency
pair. It's going to equal 1 Euro. That is really all that this is right here. So this just lets
you know where the market is in terms of price. And these numbers going up and down is what's
going to lead you to determine whether, okay, I want to buy or I want to sell. But at no point
are you ever actually going to be looking at these numbers. These numbers just reflect what the actual
charts are going to be doing. When we go to the candlestick charts, these charts will just reflect
on this price right here. This price is going to reflect on these charts. So this right here is
what a currency pair is. It's a battle of both of these markets 24-5 for the rest of history. And
whenever one is going up, that one's winning. And whenever this one's going down, this one is
winning. There is endless amounts of currency pairs out there. I personally trade myself 15 to
20 different ones because there's just more opportunity on the more markets that you trade.
And there is more volatile currency pairs. And then there is less volatile currency pairs,
obviously currency pairs that are less commonly known.
Let's say like the noggin or the Mexican peso that don't tend to have as much volume compared
to the US dollar, to the Euro or to the British pound. They're going to be a lot less volatile.
Can you still trade them? Can there still be loads of opportunities? Of course. But the odds
of you making big moves on those markets are very unlikely. Can you still do it? Yes. And I'm going
to be educating you how to properly do that as we continue to go on throughout this video.
I just first want to teach you exactly what a currency pair is and how it works because this
is what you will be trading 24 or 5. And you need to understand exactly what you are doing
whenever you are trading these types of markets. And these right here are going to be known as the
major currency pairs. You're going to have your Euro versus the dollar, the pound versus the
dollar, the dollar versus the Japanese yen, the dollar versus the Swiss franc, the dollar versus
the Canadian dollar, the Australian versus the dollar, and the New Zealand versus the dollar.
If you can see a pattern here, they're always going to have the dollar in it. The dollar is
the most respected, the most valued currency in the market. It is the simple fact. And it is always
going to be used against the next main currency pair. Now, some people sometimes ask, why isn't
it USD versus Euro? And this is just the way the market's set up. I don't have the answer to that
question. Is there any point where they're actually flipped over? I'm going to be completely
honest. No, I have never even considered that. But even if it were to get flipped over, let's say
it's the USD versus the Euro, it's still the exact same thing. It's just this time, instead of the
dollar reflecting its strength while going down, it's going to reflect its strength while going up.
Same thing for the Euro. So everything remains exactly the same. This is just the way that the
currency market has set it up. So these are the main currency pairs that you should be trading.
And the reason why you should be trading these currency pairs is because one, there's a lot of
volatility in it, meaning that it is indeed going to give you lots of opportunities. Two, since
there is a lot of volatility, that means that the costs to operate in these markets are going to be
low because people are moving constant funds inside of these pairs. So the cost to get involved
is not that high. And on top of that, these tend to also be the trades that have the best moves
in the right sessions. And three, these are the markets that tend to have the best moves. Now,
when I mean the best moves, I mean that they actually have proper moves because other currency
markets that aren't as volatile or aren't as respected in the market, they tend to have the
most random moves, moves that cost people a lot of money and it tends them to lose.
Now, I'm not saying you shouldn't trade any other markets that are not these, but I'm saying that
these markets tend to have the most respected moves. They don't tend to have these major spikes.
They don't tend to have these unnecessary fees, which end up potentially taking you out of your
stop loss when price didn't really make it there. These are all a bit more advanced stuff,
and we'll get to that throughout this whole entire video. And I trade these other markets
all of the time. I trade the most random markets. I'll trade the Canadian dollar versus the Japanese
yen and find great opportunities there. But I just have to understand that a risk associated with
trading in those currency pairs. This right here are going to be the major currency pairs and the
ones that tend to have the best price to actually trade, cost less and have the best moves. So we'll
break these down with the actual strategy and how to actually trade it later into this video.
Okay. So now moving on to the next subject, now that you understand what a actual currency pair
is, and you understand that they're in a constant battle up and down and that there is a never
ending on this fight and there's never a winner. There's just some streaks where one currency is
winning and there's another.
Where another currency pair is winning. Now you have to understand that this battle, this fight
has to be reflected based off of something like we have to see the trail of this fight. When a
currency pair is going up, it leaves a trail. When a currency pair is going down, it leaves a
trail. Now we need somewhere to show us this fight. Now this fight could be shown in many
different formats. You can see this fight either in a line chart formation. You can see that the
Euro, for example, is getting stronger than the
dollar gets stronger than the Euro gets stronger again. So this is the line charts that is
representing how this fight is going. You can also have this famous bar chart,
which the bar chart shows whenever it's green, that the Euro is getting strong.
Whenever the red bar comes out, that means the dollar is getting strong, so on and so forth.
Then we have the candlestick chart, which is the most commonly known in the trading industry,
which is where you have the green and red candles, and that is the representation of the fight.
So there's many different types of charts.
And all of these charts are representing the exact same price. This right here is Euro USD,
this is Euro USD, and this is Euro USD. It's just representing the fight in a different format.
The best analogy that I can give you for this is, for example,
let's say Mike Tyson and Floyd Mayweather are going to be fighting. Now you can either watch
the fight in person, or you can watch the fight on TV, or you can hear the fight over the radio,
or you can simply hear the fight over a headphone. You're hearing, watching,
you're getting the exact same feedback on the exact same fight at the exact same point.
Every single point, whether it's on TV, whether it's in person, whether it's in radio,
whether you're just listening to it, you're going to be hearing the same exact thing.
Mike Tyson at this point was beating and knocked down Floyd Mayweather. Floyd Mayweather came back
up, hit him with an uppercut, but then Mike Tyson knocked him out. Whether you are hearing that,
seeing that, whether you are just listening to it, all of these are the exact same information
of the battle of the currency pair up and down, just being represented in different ways.
That's really all it is. And the most commonly known one is going to be
the actual candlestick chart. The candlestick chart is where you're going to actually be
able to trade off of the famous Japanese candlesticks and actually see patterns
that constantly repeat themselves in a very effective way. These are going to be the markets
that are going to be educating you guys on how to properly execute these trades and actually trade
in these markets. The bar chart is not mainly commonly known for traders. It's used for a
different type of style, which I'm not entirely sure how it works. So I can't explain something
I'm not simply educated on. And if up to this point right now in my trading journey, I have
literally not used it one single time. I feel like it's not necessary. I saw maybe 15 videos of this
when I got started in my trading journey, none of them ever made sense. And I just simply wasted
time and clouded my mind.
And then I wasted time and not giving focus onto what actually mattered, which was the candlestick
chart. That's what I'm going to do for you guys in this video. Tell you guys a little bit of what
everything is literally only focused on what matters and can remove the noise of what doesn't
matter. Next, we have the line chart, which is equally important because this is going to lead
you to understand the proper market structure on the timeframe or on the market that you're
going to be interested in. Have an understanding that this right now is going to be the market
that you're going to be interested in. And then you're going to have a little bit of time to
think about what's going on and what's going on and how you're going to be able to get into the
market and what's going to be the market that you're interested in and how you're going to be
able to get into the market that you're going to be interested in. So this right here is like
watching the real fight in real time. These candlesticks, these wicks, these moves down,
this is like you're watching the fight in person. You're getting the sweat that is falling on you.
If you're sitting first row, you're hearing the roar of the audience. You're getting everything
as real as raw as it gets. No commercials. Everything is on the spot. Think of the line chart
as if you were to be watching the fight on TV.
the structure points once the market has actually closed. Once a candlestick has closed, the next
one has opened. This doesn't really represent a move until it is completely done. I'm going to
be breaking all that down in just a second, but think of this as the next step. So first you have
the live, which is real raw fight. This is happening in real time. And then this, you get
commercials. Maybe you have, maybe it might have a 15, 20 second delay just because of the way it
gets transmitted. But then after that, there is nothing else that is going to be important. We're
not going to be using no bar charts and we're not going to be using the scatter plot. Neither one
of these are going to be useful. They're just a different way on how to represent the fight. I am
not educated on it at all. I just wanted to show you different representations of how the candlestick
chart looks compared to the line chart. So now that you understand that the only two types of
charts that you're going to be focusing on is going to be the line chart and the candlestick
chart. Let me actually just show you guys how this looks like in real time, right? So let me just
remove this right here.
And let's
actually go to the real markets. So right now, for example, let's say we go to Euro USD. So we're
going to type Euro USD here on trading view, and we're just going to go to a random Euro USD market.
Now, don't worry if you don't know how to use trading view just yet, I'm going to help you set
all that up. But I first want to educate you on how the charts work. So we were to click this section
up here. You can tell that we have our bar charts. We have our candlestick line charts. We have our
hollows. There's many different ways on how you can determine whether this market is going to get
stronger or weaker with all of these different types of formations. So now that you understand
that basically the difference between the line chart, the bar chart, and the candlestick chart
is really just how the fight in between the currency pair is represented. Let me show you
this in a real time chart, right? So for now, we're just going to move this down and we're
going to head over to the top section over here of trading view. And I'm going to show you the
multiple different ways on how you can actually look at this fight. Now, don't worry later into the
video, I'm going to show you how to set up trading view, which one of these options did you actually
be looking at? Because I get it. This can almost seem like information overload, but I'd tell you
that maybe 50% of the buttons on this website, you're never going to use. And the other half of
it are very simple to use, right? So let's start off with the bar chart. So right now we are looking
at BTC, or we can be looking at Euro USD, or we can look in at any single chart, right? So for us
right now, since we're using Euro USD as the example.
Let's go to Euro USD. And as you can tell, there's many different Euro USDs. You have some
on FXCM, on GVE, Oanda, Forex.com, Kraken. Probably wondering what's the difference between this Euro
USD and this one. And the only difference in between this Euro USD and this one is that it's
on a different server. So this is the FXCM server. So this is a broker and this broker gets certain
data feeds and it offers Euro USD at a different price. It's the exact same market. It's just
offered maybe a couple of points higher, a couple of points lower. It's really the only
difference. But for example, services, we're going to go to this one, right? It's all going to be
the same thing. So right now, this is what Euro USD looks like on the actual bar chart. So if you
notice, whether it's on a bar chart, whether it's on a line chart, whether it's on a candlestick
chart, you're always going to have the price be at the exact same point. 1.17301. Now that is on
the ICE server. If we were to go to a
different server, which let me just type it in right here. So we have 1.1301. Let's say we go to
capital.com. We have it at 1.1303. The exact same chart. It's just points are minorly up or down
and the chart might look slightly different. Something that you probably like barely even
notice. Just going to have a little more structure points here, less structure points here. The one
that I personally use is always going to be the OANDA server. So for me, the OANDA server is the
most accurate. It's based off of one of the main US regulated brokers in the US. And it's the one
that I personally use for simple, I guess you can almost call it like a superstition reason, but I've
never really used any other one. I'm sure I can use any other one. They are all pretty much the
same. The points are off, not much. So back to the line charts, back to how these different type
of markets work. We'll get into all of this different broker stuff, different markets,
liquidities, and how this stuff works once we get to that point. But right now, I just want to
explain to you the basic points.
Right. So this is a line chart. So this line chart right here is exactly what the fight looks
like in between Euro and the US dollar on the line chart. This is what the fight looks like
on the Euro versus the US dollar on the bar chart. This is what the fight looks like on
the Euro versus the US dollar on the line chart with markers. If you were to look at the area,
if you were to look at the columns, if you were to look at the high low, you were to look
At the volume footprint, I guess I don't have this option, but if you were to look at any
other one, that is exactly how it looks.
This right here is literally the exact same market movement.
It's just the fighters being represented in different ways.
The most accurate way and the cleanest way to look at the market and actually be able
to develop a actual strategy and be able to predict patterns based off of how I've been
doing it for the last seven years, and I've been teaching people to do it, is based off
of the candlestick.
We come over here to the trading view, and the candlestick is going to be the next one,
the candlestick chart.
Now, I have a specific indicator, which is called a no-gap candlesticks, which is very
easy to apply, and I'll show you guys how to apply that right now, just so you can do
it once we get to that point, but it'll be very easy.
All you have to do is just go to indicators, type in no-gap candlesticks, and I'm kind
of getting a little bit ahead of myself here, but we'll just do it for now.
You click on the no-gap candlesticks, and then once you click on it,
it basically pops up, and that's how you would implement the no-gap candlesticks.
Aside from that, I'll teach you how to actually adjust it, because right now,
you're probably having an overlap with your actual candlesticks, and I'll teach you how
to do that just a second later into the video, because I want to get into the indicators,
and I also want to explain to you how this EMA works, why I use this EMA, which one is my EMA,
so on and so forth.
The candlestick charts are basically consisted of multiple different timeframes based off of these
candlesticks. As you can tell over here, next to the type of candlesticks that I have,
these candlesticks are being represented in different timeframes. For example, right now,
we are on the four-hour timeframe, meaning this candle right here closes every four hours.
This candlestick right here, the way it's being closed right now, has about 38 minutes left,
meaning it has been open for three hours and 20 minutes nearly. This candlestick closed four
hours ago, four hours ago, and four hours ago. This is what this market looks like based off of
the four-hour timeframe. If we were to go to the two-hour timeframe, for example, this happens to
be a candlestick, once again, that closes every two hours. Every single one of these candlesticks
is two hours. This candlestick right here is the one hour. It closes as well in 38 minutes,
all because the market closes in the next 40 minutes. A lot of these candlesticks are going
to be closing at the same time. Next, on the 30-minute, this candlestick has 12 minutes left
before this one closes. Every single one of these candlesticks is a 30-minute,
candle. Then we have the 15-minute timeframe, which this candle closes in the next 12 minutes
as well. All we have just done here from the four-hour, or if we go up to the daily,
or we go up to the weekly, is we are just looking at the fight from different points
in the arena. Let's say you're actually in the fight. We understand that there's different ways
for you to watch the fight. You have watching the fight in person, which would be the candlestick
chart. You have the line chart, which is like watching it on TV. Then you have the
bar chart, which is like listening into it on the radio or having some headphones on.
These are all the different formats for you to actually watch the fight.
Now, we've decided that we're going to watch the fight in person because it's obviously
the best one. You're there in real time. You get real updates, and you're there
live. There's nothing like being at a live fight. Now, where are you sitting in that live fight?
Are you right there front row? Are you in the middle? Are you a bit higher on the stands,
or are you in the nosebleeds? Which one are you? That's exactly what these timeframes are right
now. The higher the timeframe, the higher you're going to be in the arena. The lower the timeframe,
the closer you are going to be to the ring. You can get all the way as low to one second,
meaning you can go to the one second timeframe, and you can literally see every single candlestick
that closes every second. I don't have that feature unlocked here on TradingView simply
because I don't use that feature. The lowest timeframe I go is the 15, but with the feature
that I have, you can go all the way up to the one minute, meaning every single minute,
a candlestick closes, and you're going to be seen.
Every single one of those details. Believe me, you're never going to want to be this slow into
the timeframes. It's just way too detailed. You can never actually see anything. This right here
is just a quick representation to give you a visual of what I'm talking about. We've decided
that we're going to go watch the fight in person. Now, there's many different places we could be
sitting. We could be at the skyscrapers, which is going to be like the weekly timeframe. We
could be here in this middle area, which this is going to be the daily timeframe. Then we can have
this outer area, which this could be the four hour. This area could be the two hour,
this area could be the one hour, and then this area up over here can be the 30 minutes,
and this can be the 15 minutes. Speaking from personal experience, the best area to actually
be sitting on these fights is going to be the weekly timeframe. You may be asking, Alex, why?
That's super far. Well, because from up here, you can actually see the fight. You're actually
looking from the top down. The closer you actually get to the arena, you're looking at it more of a
horizontal way. I don't know about you guys, but I wasn't blessed to be the tallest guy in the room.
I'm super short. I'm 5'9", 5'10". At these fights, everybody happens to be giants and everybody
likes to stand in this area here. If everybody's standing and they're taller than me, I can't see
the fight. The fight is on a platform. Since the fight's on a platform, guess what? Not only can I
not see because there's somebody big right in front of me, but then the fight is also elevated,
so you're almost looking up. If the people were to fall, for example, on this side,
I can't see them at all. You're just not seeing them. You have to be looking up,
directly to the screen to see what's happening. The point that I want to get to this is don't
think the more detailed you can see stuff and because something closes every single minute or
every single second that it's better because you get to see more details. That's actually
completely false. You want to make sure that you can be watching from above and you can see
everything from a higher standpoint and you can almost see stuff coming because you're watching
everything as it unfolds. This is how going to the candlestick formats is. We're looking at the
price. If you notice right here, this is your USD on a daily timeframe. It's 1.1314. If we go down
to the four hour, it's the same 1.1314. Obviously, the market's moving right now, so it's going to
fluctuate one of these two points. If I go down to the two hour, one hour, and the 30 minute
quickly, you can see that it's all the exact same price feed. You're just looking at it in a much
more detailed format. It's just being represented in a more detail. This four hour candlestick right
here that we are looking at, it's being broken.
Down into two candlesticks when we go to the two hour timeframe. Now, it's going to be these two
candlesticks right here. Now, these two candlesticks are going to be broken down into another candlestick
once we go down to the one hour. Now, these candlesticks right here, this one hour candlestick
is going to be broken down to then another 30 minute candlestick once we go down to the 30
minute, so on and so forth. What I'm trying to get you to understand here is that when you're
looking at the candlesticks, because you go from this timeframe to this timeframe, this doesn't
mean you're looking at a completely different market. You're looking at a completely different
format. No, you're looking at the exact same fight. You're looking at the exact same market,
just in a much more detailed way. And sometimes having those details is good. Sometimes having
those details is bad. All that unfolds and it kind of comes together when you're actually
executing a strategy and doing proper top-down analysis and execute it on the market. And I'm
going to teach you guys how to do all that later into this video. Right now, I've just taught you
what type of markets, how to break it down, and then the importance of understanding
why these timeframes are a thing. So that's only the beginning of these timeframes. Now,
a lot of you guys may be asking, Alex, okay, cool. I get it. But how does the candlestick
actually work? What is this line up here? What is this line down here? Very simple. Picture,
we can go down to the one minute time frame to see this as real as it gets. Picture this market
right here as this candlestick right now is about to close in the next two seconds. It's going to
close right there. And now another one is going to open from where this one closed.
As soon as it closes, it's going to close right there. And now another one is going to open from
where this one closed. As soon as it closes, it's going to close right there. And now another one is
going to close right there. And now another one is going to close right there. As soon as this
next candlestick opens from this one that closed, it's either going to go up or down, right? It's
really not going to do anything else. Now, this market, as soon as it opened, it went up. Now,
if this market in the next 42 seconds, it decides to not move at all, it will close like that. And
then another candlestick will open right next to it, and it will either continue to go up or go
down. But let's say right now that this market decides to have a push to the downside. There's
going to be what is called a wick, which is that exactly right there. Once it actually has
a little bit of a retracement, which will look like this, it's going to be a wick. That wick is
basically representing where price has been. So for example, right there, you can tell price has
been to that high point. So if I were just to get a line right here, that is the highest point
the body of that move has been. And if this market decides to now have a reversal down and
close to the downside, it will close with that wick. So in the next two seconds, we're about
to find out if it's going to close with that wick or not. And I believe it has closed with the wick
right now, since we're headed towards the closure of market.
The market tends to move pretty slow. There's just simply not a lot of volatility. But this
next candlestick should be opening right now. And as soon as it opens, it's either going to
continue going up or come down. And this candlestick will officially have been closed
with that wick. And you can see that this next candlestick just opened super quick,
had a push to the downside. And now at one point it was down here. I just literally didn't manage
to grab it because I was going back and forth in the timeframes, but came down here and it went
back up. Now this next candlestick, this one has closed here. This one opened,
wicked up. Now it's wicking back down, wicking back up. So what this line is, what this tail is,
what this hair wick, whatever the proper name is a wick. This right here is a wick, but many people
have a lot of creative names for it. All this right here is just the history of where price
has been. So right now this candlestick is currently creating that wick right now. It's
currently creating that high, created up to that point. And if it closes right here, that is where
the trail of the candlestick has been. This is the market showing us how the market,
is moving. Is it moving very aggressively to the upside? Is it rejecting this area? Because this
wick right here is shown as a sign of a rejection. Clearly price was bullish or this candlestick was
completely filled all the way up to this point, but something happened in the market that it
pushed it down. In turn, that should then mean that it should continue to be pushed down. For
example, that closed with a small wick at this area. So that means that the sellers aren't as
strong, but now we have very strong sellers coming into this area now, for example. So let's say this
market closed.
This is with the wick all the way down here and out. And you can see how this market can,
while this is, you know, moving very aggressively, but this is showing you guys how the markets can
move, how fast it can move. Even though we are in the last couple of hours of the markets,
this right here, if it somehow reverses and it has a push to the upside, then this would have a
very big wick, right? It can look something like this, but see this right here is continuously
pushing down this market. And if wherever it closes, this wick is doing the trail of where
that market has been. Now that wick is equally as strong as the market has been. So this is
what I noticed, this is why I do.
Actually you can see a lot of these wicks coming out with the brand and how much more
there is a push in the direction of that market today. And also, when you look at the
market, it is much more likely to move as expected when it comes to the one minute
timeframe. Like the market today.
15 minutes, timeframe, one hour timeframe, daily four hour. These are all different types
of works that are being created. So as you can tell in the one minute timeframe, that
might've looked like a massive bearish candlestick, but you look at it at right here in the four
hour and this four hours, it looks pretty much exactly the same from when we started
talking about this subject a couple of minutes ago. So that's why the lower timeframes, it
might seem like a very big, wow, move, but in reality, it doesn't affect any of the high
price.
affect any of the higher timeframes. Are the lower timeframe used in order to determine a trade? And
do they go in sync with the higher timeframes? Absolutely. But there's a way, there's a time
and a place to actually execute that correctly. But if you can tell that one minute big bearish
candlestick, it looks like it might've had this fall off a cliff. But then when you go look at
it back to the four hour timeframe, this literally looks exactly the same from when we actually
started trading. But I just want you guys to understand what these wicks are. That means that
the market at one point, it was a completely bullish candlestick into this area. And then
something drove price all the way down. And then it ended up closing here. Once it closed here,
this candlestick opened, had its move up and down, created that history. This is where this
market closed. Then this one opened up, had its history, it closed. And then this is where this
one opened up, had this push up. And as of right now, it's right here. And the next 24 minutes,
this candlestick will close. And then another one will open and either have its push up or
down or however it ends up closing. But once one candlestick closes, another one opens right next
to it. And this will be the never ending battle of the market. And our job as traders is to determine
what that next move is going to be and us capitalize off of that move. Because these
market opportunities and this battle is a never ending battle. All right. So now moving on to the
next subject. Now that you understand that the candlestick chart is like watching a fight,
that is the way that it's being represented. And the closer you are to,
to the arena, which is the lower the timeframe you are, means the more precise you're watching
the fight, the higher the timeframe you are, the higher you are actually watching the timeframe,
but you're watching the exact same trade. You're watching the exact same market. You're watching
the exact same fight. It's just being represented in a much more detailed format. Your USD,
you could be watching on a daily one hour, 30 minute. You're just looking at in a much more
detailed format. And now you know what those wicks are and how the candlestick leaves those trails,
so on and so forth. Right? But I want to explain to you now the
actual
trading sessions, when it comes to the strength of the time to actually be watching that fight,
when is the right time to actually be there and be involved? Because if not, because you know,
to be honest, you can't really be involved 24 seven, even if you wanted to, because you're
going to be there at times where they will simply be absolutely no volume, where you're just going
to waste your time and the people are going to be tired. Right? So the best way I could put the
analogy, and I love my analogy sometimes, but I feel like they're just too precise that I forget
to go back to trading.
If people are fighting, there's going to get a point where they're going to get tired. Right. And
if they're tired and you know, they're drinking water, they're stretching, they're eating food,
you know, that's pretty boring, right? You want to see blood, you want to see somebody get knocked
out. You want to see somebody lose a tooth that only happens at specific times that's after they
rested. That's after they're well-eaten and they're actually ready to fight.
And that only happens at specific times, right? So that's, that's exactly what I'm
talking about in the market. Yes. You want the market to have these big, massive,
to the upside, these big swings, and you want to catch these big trades, but that doesn't happen
all the time. Like the market gets tired. The market has movements at only specific times.
So these are the highest volume sessions. And then these are the slowest volume sessions.
So we're going to start off with the Sydney session. So we have Sydney session and Tokyo
session. So this tends to happen around five to six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12 EST.
So this is basically the afternoon. This is when people finish their nine to five. This is all of
the afternoon. And as you can tell the lighter, the color, the less, the volume session, the darker,
the color, the more session there is. This right here is exactly when the fighters are taking a
break. They're stretching, they're eating, they're cleaning up their sweat. They're closing up their
wounds. They're taking a break. So if you are in front of the arena at this time, you are simply
watching nothing. Yeah. They're going to be
there, you know, cleaning up one another. They might be talking smack back and forth,
but they're not fighting. You're not going to see blood, right? Because there's no volume.
You can be in front of the markets at this time. Yes, it's going to be moving. It's going to be
creating little moves up and down like this, exactly how I just showed you, but you're not
going to have those big swings. Why? Because there is no volume. There's no volume in Sydney
session or Tokyo session. There's absolutely no volatility there. Is there a one-off moment
where there could be a quick pump that happens there?
Yes, that can be one in every 20 trading days. But are you going to be in front of the arena
knowing that one out of 20 trading days, one guy might just get up and sucker punch the other guy?
Probably not, right? You don't want to bet your money on that. Odds of that happening are
unlikely. Just whenever it happens, you'll watch the video and it pops up. And then usually they'll
go back to fighting in just a couple of hours. Is there going to be a time where you're not looking
at the markets in this session and it has a moves? Yeah, sure. But that's not, that wasn't your time
in the market anyways. So Sydney and Tokyo session are going to be the sessions that you
are not going to be trading. You're not going to be interested at executing any trades. I use these
timeframes right here to go do stuff with my life. I go and work out. I go and try and have
a life that's not just staring at the charts. Beginning of pre-London session. And then we have
all of London session. This is when the battle begins. This is where things start getting very,
very, very, very rough.
Now I would argue that this chart is a bit inaccurate. I'd say this could be a little
bit darker, maybe a little bit more this way, but this right here begins from one in the morning.
So at one in the morning, I start doing my pre-London analysis session because London
session opens right at three in the morning and pre-London, which is 1 AM to 2 AM, there
already starts to be some volatility and the market starts to move very well. And you obviously
have all of London session, which lasts from three in the morning, all the way up to around
12 PM EST. Now there's something beautiful that happens inside of the currency market at this
point right here. And that is that the New York session happens to open up in the same time that
the London session is ongoing. So London session opens up at eight in the morning and it overlaps
the London session, creating this extremely volatile point in the market. So I like to
enter my trades either pre-London session or during London session. So then that's
when the trade has good volatility. It starts going in my direction. And then once New York
session kicks in, it just adds more fuel to the fire, which ignites it even more and gives it
more of a movement. And then typically right around the ending of London session, halfway
through New York session, the market starts to slow down again, and then things start to
just not get any volatility. The market takes a break for a couple of hours, and then the
pattern repeats itself. This will repeat itself from Monday,
to Friday, every single day. Now, the key point here that you need to understand
is that there is realistically only a window that you need to be involved into the market.
You can only get involved in the market from one in the morning, all the way up to around
1030 in the morning. And some of you guys may be asking, but wait, Alex,
there's still some volatility over here where the New York session and the London session overlap.
It's like, yes, correct. Yes. There's still going to be some fights going down here,
it's still going to be aggressive, but it's headed towards the end of that.
And you don't want to enter a trade while it's being extremely volatile. And then what ends
up happening is that it slows down for the next 10 hours. Because let's say you enter a trade at
around noon, right? You're not going to be having any volatility for the next nearly 10 hours,
one, two, three, four. You have 10, 11, 12, 11 hours, you're going to have absolutely no
volatility in your trade. Does it make sense to enter a trade that is not going
to have any movement for the next 11 hours? Not really. And you're going to pay an unnecessary fee
once the market closes and then opens up again. Because every single day at 5 PM EST,
the market closes, it opens up literally for one minute. And then what ends up happening is you
have to pay a swap, you have to pay commission fees for holding trades overnight. Not only does
it cost more money to do that, but then you just have trades that are going to be in the same point
for the next 11 hours. And there's nothing more than I hate than looking at my money do nothing.
I want my trade to hit my stop loss or hit my take profit right away. I don't want to be in
the same exact point of the market just being stale for the next 11 hours. So you want to
enter the trade either right before the session starts to kick in, either right in the middle of
London session, right before the real batter starts to kick in, inside of that battle,
or right before it starts to drop off. You can enter a trade anywhere 9, 10 in the morning,
and then you can catch the ending of the overlap of London and New York session.
After 10 in the morning, I have not taken a trade after that time. I can't even remember,
I think it's been four years since I have taken a trade past 10 30 in the morning.
Now, once again, is there going to be an example? Is there going to be a one out of 20,
one out of 30 probability that the trade that you would have taken at, let's say 12 o'clock,
it actually ends up hitting your take profit by 8 PM? Sure. Of course, there's always going to be
these one-off opportunities, but that is not how you build a sustainable, profitable,
strategy that is a strategy that you follow time and time and time and time and time again.
This is something that is proven system that it simply just works. You get involved before
the session kicks in, either right in the middle of it, in the middle of the peak over the overlap,
or right before the ending session of that. This is what's led me to have my biggest trade. I think
my biggest trade is like half a million dollars. This is what led me to be able to have that trade.
This has also led me to be able to avoid the trade. This has also led me to be able to avoid
many losses because if you are only focused in trading about, let's say six to seven hours out
of the whole entire trading day, you're really only focused on a very specific time right here.
And I know this tends to be an issue because a lot of people tend to be at jobs anywhere from,
or either at jobs or sleeping from one in the morning to about 10 in the morning.
This is a crucial time right here, but I will tell you this, the sacrifice is definitely worth
it to be involved in between these timeframes right here. From one in the morning to 10 in the
morning EST is the most accurate times for you to be trading. Anything outside of this time frames
right here, I can guarantee you, you will not have anywhere near as much volatility. It just
simply does not happen. The two big banks are going to be closed and you're just not going
to have enough volume. And this goes especially to the markets that have the US in it. Any markets
that have the dollar, for example, let's say you're trading Euro USD. If the dollar is asleep
and the banks are closed, how do you expect for that to happen?
any movement in this session over here. So this goes specifically to those markets like GBP USD,
Euro USD, anything that involves a USD. If the USD market is asleep or it is not open,
it's not going to have any volatility. Can you still trade USD markets in the London session?
Because technically the London session hasn't opened. Yes, actually it's even better. Because
let's say you trade Euro USD or GBP USD. You're trading the pound right when the market opens
over there. And then when New York session opens, you get double the volatility with the same exact
currency pair. That right there is the golden ticket to having the perfect moves. Now you
obviously need to align that up with a strategy. You need to know what you're looking at in the
charts. Just because it's one in the morning, you can't just click buy or click sell and expect to
make money. Can you get lucky? Sure. But that's not, once again, how you have a sustainable income
while you're trading. So to sum things up, yes, the markets are open 24-5 and technically you
could go and execute a trade at any
one at those hours. You can literally go and hit the buy or sell button at any time you want. But
there is going to be a high chance that if you are not in the correct session, that you're one,
are going to pay unnecessary fees. And two, you're going to be stuck in a volume that is
going to simply have no movement. I want to make sure that I can enter a trade when there's going
to be a lot of movement and the odds of my trade winning are going to be a lot higher.
So this right here is the currency market trading session. And this works for every
single currency per hour there, whether it is AUD JPY,
USD JPY, Euro AUD, everything is always going to fall inside of this trading session right here.
That is going to be the session that is going to create the best movements at any given point.
And the key of it is so you know how to put that together with a profitable strategy. And I'm going
to be teaching you that in the next couple of hours. All right. So now moving on to the next
subject, now that you understand that you actually need to be trading in a proper session or where you
need to be in that fight, you got to make sure you're there at the right times. But now you're
probably asking, all right, Alex, I get it. But what do I need in order for me to actually go and
execute a trade in these markets? What do I have to actually do? So I place a bet on the fight.
I think I got the potential fighter that I think is going to win for the next couple of rounds.
What is the actual platforms that I can go and execute that buy position or that sell position?
Well, it's actually very simple. You realistically just need these three platforms right here.
So the first platform that you're going to need is going to be TradingView. So TradingView is
what we've been on pretty much this whole entire time. TradingView is where
the actual charts are going to be represented. TradingView is where you're going to analyze
the charts and determine if you want to either buy or sell the market. TradingView is where you're
going to do your top-down analysis, where you're going to mark up your charts. This is where you
see all these traders with these fancy lines, where you see them with these boxes. You see
them with these wins and all of these losses. This is where you're going to see traders with
drawings and where they analyze their trades and have notes based off of what type of trade
they're executing and where it meets their strategy.
So once you've analyzed here on your actual charts that you want to determine that you
want to buy or sell a market, you then need to go to a broker. So let's say right here,
you've been watching the fight for the last five minutes, 10 minutes, and you're like,
you know what? I see Mike Tyson, that he's strong. I see Floyd Murray, that he's weak
or vice versa. And for you to go ahead and place that bet, you have to literally get up from the
fight and you have to go to the betting station at these fights. You go ahead and place your bet.
Then you go back down and then you watch the fight. This is pretty much the exact same thing.
So on TradingView, you're analyzing your charts. You determine that you want to bet that the Euro
is going to get stronger than the dollar or that the dollar is going to get stronger than the Euro.
So you get out of TradingView and then you are going to go to a broker. So a broker is where
you're going to go ahead and give them the money and then you're going to execute your trade based
off of what you want to do. So I recommend many different brokers. One of the brokers that I
recommend is going to be LQH Markets. This broker accepts traders. They have a one to 500 leverage.
You can start off with a small $10 deposit,
they have many different types of accounts that you can go ahead and use with them.
And another, just in case if you don't like LQH Markets for whatever reason, I also recommend
1X Trade. This is another broker that I would recommend. Also pretty cool features of them is
that they have these lot size calculators. You can pre-calculate your risk on your positions
here and I'll explain all of that in just a second. But basically once you were to deposit
your funds into the broker, now can you actually go and execute the trade on the broker? The answer
is no, you cannot. For you to go ahead and execute the position, the broker is going to
then take that position into a marketplace. So this right here, what the broker does is like
the middleman from the real marketplace. So there's a real marketplace slash liquidity.
And us as retail traders, as we are, even including myself, whether it's my experience or
how good of a trader I am, I'm still very small fish inside of this industry. So what the broker
is going to do is the broker is going to take your funds and whenever you place a position,
then they're going to
go ahead and then feed it to the real market. Because then the real market is going to then
feed it back into the broker. So what the broker is, it's like the middleman of the real markets.
So whatever you're seeing here in the markets, which is let's say 1.17312,
they get that offered at a different price. Let's say they get it offered at 1.7300. So what the
broker is going to do is they're going to charge you a spread. They're going to charge you a fee
for them entering that position into the real market for you. And that's the broker game.
They're going to charge you higher fees than others. That's why I have two of them,
because sometimes these fees range. Some of them charge fees for holding positions
every single day, because they are the ones that are going to go ahead and actually execute your
trade into the real market. And then based off of your results, whenever you decide to
close your position, whether you win or lose, the market feeds it back to the broker, and then the
broker feeds it right back to you. The broker is the middleman for you to get access to the
real markets. You cannot get access to the real markets without a broker, unless you're a bank.
i right now have no possibility to be a bank you need tens of millions of dollars for that you need
proper licensing and truthfully i rather pay the broker the couple bucks that it takes for them to
connect my trade into the market it makes things far easier now you can't go ahead and execute the
trade on the broker itself the broker is like the bank so picture this right here as if it were to
be chase bank or as if it were to be wells fargo now when you go send money from chase bank or
whenever you go pay somebody from chase bank to wolves fargo you're not going to be paying them
via chase bank you're going to be paying them either paypal or zelle or stripe it's going to
be a payment processor that's going to process your payment to somebody else can you do a wire
transfer can you do a lot of these other stuff yes but we're going to use the example of using these
third-party merchants that actually send the money back and forth so when you go to the broker
the broker accepts your funds and then when you're going to go ahead and execute
you're going to go ahead and execute your funds and then when you're going to go ahead and execute
a trade which is going to be like sending money you're then going to use a platform called
metatrader 5. so metatrader 5 is going to be the platform that you are going to actually
execute your position on so you first go to trading view you determine if you want to
enter a trade or not you deposit funds into the broker the broker is like a bank you can
just have funds in there just chilling and then whenever you're ready to go ahead and execute
the trade you go to metatrader so once you deposit money into the broker you pretty much
skip the broker every single time because you just go from
the charts straight to the platform to go ahead and execute the trade once you are in trading view
to execute the trade simply click buy or sell that's pretty much it so here based off of your
analysis that you did on trading view you're going to go ahead and then execute the trade
at this point so simplest analogy that i can put is you're watching the fight after the fight you
go to the little betting station at the arena and then from that betting station they're going to
give you a little piece of paper the little piece of paper is your slip that you've just
betted on and this is basically what your slip is going to give you and then you're going to
be able to see what your trade is going to be so this is where you're going to be able to see if your
trade is in profit if your trade is in loss and whatever directly is reflected off of metatrader
5 then it's going to go right back into the broker so no money is ever inside of metatrader
5. metatrader 5 is just a platform that represents the positions that you've actually executed on the
broker some brokers offer metatrader 5 some brokers don't doesn't really matter if they do or
if they don't this is just simply one of the actual ways for you to execute the trades into
the market there is hundreds of different ways to execute the trades in the market there is hundreds of different
of platforms for you to execute trades in the markets there's hundreds of difference of brokers
out there and all this platform really does is just the most commonly known one and the one that
i personally use this is just the main known one for you to be able to go ahead and execute those
positions on there so this metatrader 5 is never like this is not a broker this is just one of
those payment processors if you go ahead and try and pay somebody with paypal you can go ahead and
then use stripe if you stripe doesn't work you'll use zelle if zelda didn't use your try something
else right it's just
it's a different platform to just execute the trades on but the money will always be inside
of the broker it's just reflected on this platform right here basically win or lose money then
you know goes back into the broker and then there you can decide to withdraw take it to your bank
take it to an exchange take it to wherever and then you simply just which are your funds so
these are the only tools you are going to need for you to actually be able to be ready to take
a trade you analyze the markets on trading view then you go ahead and have your broker
of choice i recommend both of these brokers is there hundreds of other different brokers out
there yes i personally like these two brokers simply because they offer higher leverages and
for the type of account flips that i personally do you know i've taken very small amounts of
money to very large amounts of money it's very hard to do that on heavily regulated brokers
simply because if something is heavily regulated they will not allow that high leverage and i
would much rather have my funds on a broker that lets me have more access to my funds and i mean
but i actually leverage it more so that's what these two brokers offers trusted brokers in my
opinion i've been using them for a very long time and they're not the best ones i'm sure there's
others out there that offer different fee structures um different commission structures and
i leave you go to go ahead and do your own due diligence on it but these are the both brokers
that i recommend and i have been using for some very long time and then same thing with metatrader
5 is metatrader 5 the end all be all platform where you can go ahead and execute your trades
no there's hundreds of different trading platforms
out there that you can go ahead and execute your positions on metatrader 5 is just the most
commonly known one that everybody's probably seen it this is like a paypal you're gonna send money
from one friend to another you're gonna do it through paypal and if not it's a different one
at the end of the day what matters is that the money is sent through at the end of the day what
matters is that the trade is actually executed that's pretty much it now if you want to withdraw
your funds in crypto and then you want to take it from crypto to your bank account there's many
different exchanges you know you have the biggest ones which are coinbase you have binance you have
there's many different exchanges that you can go ahead and send those funds to and then from there
you take it to your bank now how can you deposit into the brokers you know these brokers take
credit debit card or they can send them btc crypto however you want so it's however you want to
deposit the funds into the broker but these are the only trading platforms you are going to need
for you to be able to execute a trade successfully there is hundreds of different other platforms out
there right there's hundreds of different other you know web links hooks that you can add but at
guarantee you, you do not need anything else aside from this right here. This is my window of trading
and these are the only tabs that I will ever have open. My trading view, the brokers that I use,
my checklist for my strategy, my community, and last but not least, Forex Factory. Forex Factory,
as you can tell, is the last one on my list, not because it is the least important, but because it
is the one that I potentially use the least. And that is because this right here is a fundamentals
tab. So Forex Factory is mainly driven by fundamentals. So as you can tell here, if we
were to click on the calendar section of Forex Factory, we're going to have all of these potential
impact news that are going to pop up. And as you can tell, what we have is, if I were to just go
back on top, this lets us know the exact date and time when news are going to come out for a
specific currency. And the color of this folder is the importance of it. So something that is a
red folder.
It's far more important than something that's an orange folder. And obviously we have yellow
folders and then gray folders, but I simply just don't use them because they obviously are very
slightly, like they don't impact the market at all. So I always like to focus on the red folders,
but this is the only other platform. If it causes any possible curiosity for you to understand the
fundamentals, and I'm going to break down the difference between fundamental trading and actual
technical trading later on into this video, but this is the only other platform that is going to
be needed here.
Literally see what the forecast of the fundamentals are going to be, what it was previously, and then
what it actually was. And as you can tell, for the majority of the part, it really is never that much
off. And these doesn't really create any big impacts into the market. These are all very
minimal. Even the big red folders don't really have a big impact on the market. It happens
occasionally, but it's not a way for you to actually create a profitable strategy. So these
are the main trading tools, the main trading platforms that you're going to need. The last
but not least will be forexfactory.com. That is just a link in the description below. So if you're
interested in learning more about some of these things, I'll leave a link in the description below.
Aside from that, you do not need any other trading platforms. You do not need any other tools. You
don't need anything else. All you need is just your trading view. You need your broker, and then
you need the platform for you to actually execute the trade. And that is it. So now taking this
stuff further, I'm going to actually show you guys how to create an account on a broker and how easy
it is to deposit into it. So right now we're watching the fight. Euro USD is going up and I see
that Euro is going to get stronger. Let me go ahead and buy the Euro. So that's going to be my first
trade. So we're going to put the example on onextrade.com. So go to onextrade.com. I created
a random demo account. Just use a random email. And this is the portal inside. So some people
sometimes get tempted or some people get skeptical by this, but it's a very easy process. It's a
very seamless process, right? So right here, as you can tell, it's a brand new account. There's
no real transactions. There really isn't anything. Dashboards are super simple because everything is
straight to the point. All this is right here is like a bank. The money is going to reflect here
how much you deposited, how much you've profited, and how much you've withdrawn.
And where you see the actual trades, where you see the actual P&L, all of that is going to reflect
on MetaTrader. So we're going to go one step at a time. So right here, we have onextrade.com. This
is the dashboard. And let's say we want to go ahead and deposit some funds. For us to deposit
some funds, we need to go ahead and create an account. Once we create one of these accounts,
we can pick from either a standard, a commission-free, or an expert account. For this
example, we'll just go with the standard. The difference usually tends to be minimal. And we're
going to go with a one to 500 leverage, right? Very easy, very simple.
This is the max leverage that they offer. I'm going to explain what leverage is later on into
this video. Just want to go one thing at a time. So right here, as you can tell, we have created a
account. So now we have one to 500 leverage. We have $0 balance, and we have zero equity into our
account. So for us to go ahead and actually deposit it, we click quick deposit up at this
top section over here. Now we have the option to deposit in crypto, or we can go ahead and deposit
in credit card. So this is a much faster process. We can go ahead and deposit in crypto.
And it can be done in the next couple of seconds. I'm just going to use crypto. And we're going to
go ahead and click on this account. Make sure that we have crypto as our option. We don't have a
promo code, but we are just going to place a basic $100 deposits into this broker. Minimum is
$10, but I'll do $100. Promo codes, if this is if you have any actual credits, use promo code
Alex, for example, you get an extra $100. I'm not saying that's a real thing, but sometimes they
offer promos for that stuff. So let's say we click deposit in credit card. And we're going to
go into the trading account. I can deposit in Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum, Tether, or USDC coin.
We're going to use USDT ERC20 for this example. And this is the actual wallet address. So I'm
going to head over to my phone and just send a quick $100 just to show you guys how simple this
is. So right now I'm sending the funds from my cold wallet into this platform. So just waiting
for this to load. Some people don't have a cold wallet. You guys can use credit debit. Usually
it takes a little bit longer because you know, the processing has to go.
Crypto tends to be pretty quick. So I've already sent it over should pretty much reflect into my
PNL here. Pretty simple. Once payment is confirmed, they will be reflected on your account. Cool. So
we can just go back over to our dashboard here and pretty much just give it a couple of seconds
and it should pop up pretty quick. And as soon as it pops up, I'm basically going to log in over
here to my MT5 account on my phone. And then we're going to see how that is going to be
reflected then. So let's give it a couple of seconds into the balance pops up.
So quick update about seven minutes later, a hundred bucks got here. This is probably like
the part where a lot of people get sketched out. Sometimes you just have to let the crypto do its
thing. It takes time. It's part of the process. Usually it takes, you know, one to two minutes.
This time it takes seven minutes. I guess it's because it's a near market closure. I don't know
what the case is, but the funds are now here, quick a hundred bucks. So picture this as if
this were to be like the bank, right? So the funds are now in the bank. Now in the bank,
you can't actually go and send any funds out. You have to connect it to PayPal,
which is going to be MetaTrader. And then you connect your funds to MetaTrader and you can go
ahead and execute the trades and send the trades out to the markets. You want to send these funds
out to anybody. Now it goes from this bank, you connect to PayPal and then you can send it to
whoever. So we come here, we click on view. You can tell that we have the MetaTrader 5 account.
We have a standard account. This is my account number. All I have to do now is go to MetaTrader.
And when I go to MetaTrader, I search up the server. So it's one X trade server. I click on
the account number, put my password and I'm pretty much logged in. As you can tell,
this is a brand new account. There's literally no history on it. There's no anything, right?
We can go to transactions. We can go to everything. You can tell the a hundred bucks just got
completed literally seven minutes ago. And I'm going to log in now to trading view. I mean,
I'm going to log in now to MetaTrader. So you guys can go ahead and see how that looks in
that option right now. So the money's in the bank. Let's now go to the actual platform where we're
going to execute the trade on. All right. So now that we have officially logged into our
MetaTrader on the phone, this is what it's going to look like. So I'm just going to screen record
here on my phone. They're probably put half the screen, the MetaTrader half the screen myself.
So basically over here, once we are actually inside of MetaTrader, so we're going to have
one, two, three, four, and then five buttons all over here at the bottom. As you can tell,
this is the server that we are in one X trade. And you can tell this is the exact same account
number as you can see over here on the actual backend or the dashboard of your account.
You can tell it's eight to zero,
eight to three, eight. So once you go to the dashboard area of this area,
and then you create a new account, it automatically creates a brand new MetaTrader account for you.
They send you the login password directly to your email. All you have to do is log in. Once
you log in, the money gets deposited into here, and then it's going to reflect onto here,
which is going to be the balance area of the MetaTrader five.
So the middle section is where you can actually see your balance. You can see the equity,
the free margin, which is where the trades are going to be fluctuating up and down. The button
that is going to be the history button here. You're going to be able to see how much money
you've deposited into the platform. You can see the pending orders deals, everything, right? So
this is basically the history of the account. Obviously we've only deposited a hundred bucks.
It's all we're going to see in this account settings option. Everything here is pretty
self-explanatory. This is just kind of the settings of the MetaTrader five. You're never
realistically use this unless you're going to create a brand new account or log into a different
one, the chart area. This is where you can actually see the chart of the price that you are going to
be trading or the market you're going to be trading. For example, let's say we were looking
at Euro USD. We go over here to the quote section, which is going to be the last button all the way
to the left. And let's say right now we're trying to trade Euro USD, for example, and it's not
reflecting. All we have to do is just type it, search up Euro USD. Once we click on it, we can
just click and so after, and it's going to add it all the way at the bottom over here. Now, if you
want to see the chart of Euro USD, we just click on it, click on the chart option, and then it'll
take us to that second button once again. And then we're going to then be able to see trading view.
So if you notice this trading view chart right here is the exact same trading view chart that
we are going to be looking at over here. As you can tell, price feed is nearly the same right here.
The market closed out 1.17312. And right here on the actual 1X trade server, the price feed is
going to be 1.7370 and 1.7340. So on trading view,
we get the real raw price. Now here on 1X trade server, we get the marked up price. So this is
where the broker is just charging a bit of a spread for executing us into the markets. It's part of
the game. It's inevitable. You have to pay the fees. Whenever you send money through PayPal,
whenever you pay for anything, there's a very small fee involved. It's part of the game. You
want to get access to whatever it is that you're purchasing. You have to pay the fee.
So here's where you're going to be able to see all of the markets that you are actually
executing in the market. So you can add as many markets as you want. You can go ahead
and delete as many markets as you want. Pretty easy, pretty user-friendly. Everything is pretty
self-explanatory. You should realistically only be spending maybe 5% of your time on MetaTrader
because all that you do on MetaTrader is simply just execute the trade. You're not ever actually
analyzing the markets in this chart section as you would be doing on trading view, for example.
Trading view is where you actually break down the chart, make the trade make sense,
and if you're interested in entering the trade. Now on back to MetaTrader, this is where you
actually go ahead and execute a trade. After you execute the trade, there is no reason why you
should just be looking at the money going up and down. What you should be doing as a trader is
looking at the charts, seeing if the trade makes sense, if the market is moving in your favor.
And then obviously whatever the charts are doing is going to reflect on your profit and loss right
here on MetaTrader. So over here, all the way at the far left section, once again, where we
have the quote section, we have the option to go ahead and enter the trade, which would be the
charts. You can look at the trade details or you can look at the statistics. I'm going to be
completely honest. I've never clicked on this details option. I don't know how to use any of
these options right here. These are just some details of the currency pair. I don't know what
any of this is. I've never used it, but it has that feature. And then you also have the statistics,
which shows all of this right here. Once again, I have absolutely no idea what any of this means.
I've never used it in my life. All I know is that I use the one option here, which is to go ahead
and enter the trade. So I'm going to go ahead and enter the trade. And then I'm going to go ahead and enter the trade.
Now this button to enter the trade into this market, it's going to have multiple different
options in here, right? So you can go ahead either tap on that button and hold trade,
or you can go ahead and swipe it to the right and then click plus. And that is also going to
give you the option to go ahead and execute this trade. So all the way at the top, you can tell
that we are trading Euro USD. You want to swap it for whichever currency you can go ahead and swap
it for your Euro CHF. You can swap it for Euro CAD, but we're going to be using Euro
USD. Back here at the Euro USD, the button under the market that we're going to be trading,
you have the option to do either a buy limit, a sell limit, a buy stop, a sell stop, a buy stop
limit, and a sell stop limit. All of these are different limit orders that you're going to place
on the markets. And I'm going to explain to you what those limit orders when we actually get into
the charts. But I personally, myself, I have never used neither one of these limits. I've never used
a buy limit, a sell limit, a buy stop. I've never used either one of these limits. I've never used
a sell stop, a buy stop limit, or a sell stop limit. These are all just orders that you place
in the market. So let's say, for example, I want to set a buy limit on the market. I want to buy
this market once it gets to X price. I want my stop loss to be at X area, and I want my take
profit to be at X area. That's basically what it is. It's like you're going to set a price into
the market, and whenever the price gets there, it automatically enters that trade for you. That is
a style of trading. I am not against it. I just personally don't believe in it, simply because
you're entering a trade without confirmation. You need to enter a trade once you actually have
a proper entry signal, once it meets your actual trading plan. And I'm going to teach you how to
do that later, that into the video. These are multiple different ways on how to actually
execute this trade. Now, the simplest one is market execution, which is going to be the one
that you're going to use 99.99% of the time, which is you just simply place your stop loss.
I mean, excuse me, you simply place your lot size, and on this lot size here, you can make it
one lot, you can make it two lots. And a lot of people get confused on this whole lot size position
calculating, and it's actually very easy. So this lot size here has to be directly predetermined
before you enter the trade, so you know exactly how much you're risking. That goes based off of
your stop loss and how much you're going to have on your stop loss. So let's say, for example,
you're interested in entering this trade as a sell, right? Just for an example. Or you know
what? We'll do a buy. It's a lot easier to understand a buy. So we have a buy example on
the top. Let's say we have a sell, and we're going to go ahead and do a buy. And our stop loss is
going to be, let's say 20 pips. I'll explain what pips are and how all this works in just a second.
But let's just say it's 20 pips. And our goal right here is to figure out what our lot size is,
right? So we're going to, for now, for us to determine our lot size, we need to first determine
how big our stop loss is. So we're going to go to 1X Trade, LQH Markets, whichever one. They both
have this lot size calculator. You're going to put the balance amount that you have on your account,
and say we want to risk 1%, right? And then our stop loss is, or say we want to risk 10% of our
account. And our stop loss is 20 pips. And the currency pair that we're trading is EURUSD. All
we have to do is just click calculate lot size. And this lets us know that we have to put a 0.05
lot, which is risking a total of 10 bucks. So we know that if we were to go back over here to the
trader where we're going to execute the trade, we have to place a 0.05 lot size. And then our
stop loss number needs to be exactly what it is right here on the chart. So our stop loss number
would be 1.17096. So it'd be 1.17096. And then our take profit would be where we said I'd take
profit up here. It's going to be 1.17, maybe 1.1715. So now,
at this point, we are pretty much ready to buy this market. We could go ahead and then click
on that buy button. And we know if we are completely wrong on this market. So we know
that this is our stop loss, 1.17096. And this is our take profit, 1.17715. If the market goes
straight into our stop loss, we are not going to blow our account. We have a stop loss, which is
going to minimize our loss, which is our predetermined risk, what we have just calculated
on this lot size. So we're going to go ahead and click on that buy button. And we're going to
at this point, the fear of people thinking that I'm going to lose all of my money when I
put money into a broker or whenever I go trade is gone because we're only risking $10 from your
actual trading balance. So this can go to your stop loss right away. You've predetermined you're
only okay with losing on this position, 10 bucks. So obviously, if we would want to enter this trade,
we would go ahead and then click buy. But obviously, the market is closed. The market
just closed nearly 30 minutes ago. But as soon as we would enter this trade, it would be reflected
right here on this actual area. And right here, you're going to be able to see your trade fluctuate
up and down. And then you can go over here to this area and you're going to be able to see your stop
loss. You're going to be able to see your take profit. You're going to be able to see the trade
be reflected in real time. And you're going to notice as soon as you enter the trade, you're
going to be an immediate drawdown. So you're probably going to be in a loss, maybe a couple
bucks, five bucks, six bucks. And that's because the broker, as soon as it enters you into the
market, they don't care if you're going to be in a winning or losing position. They're going to
feed. They don't care if you're going to be on the right or wrong side. They have to get their
profit first for them to go ahead and execute your trade into the market. So they get your trade,
they're going to put into the market, they're going to take a small fee from it, and then
your trade happens, whatever happens with it. Win or lose, the broker is always going to make
their money. That's just the name and the game of the business and how it works. So once again,
you have your TradingView account, which is where you're going to analyze a trade, determine if
you're going to buy or sell a market. Once you're ready to enter this trade, you need to go ahead
and deposit some funds into the broker. Once you have your funds inside of the broker, you need to
then actually go to then MetaTrader, which is then going to be this right here. On MetaTrader,
you're then going to go ahead and then place that buy or sell button. That's pretty much it. Now,
whenever you win your trades, you come back over here to the dashboard area of 1XTrade,
and then you're going to head and then quick withdraw your funds. Now you can withdraw your
funds to whatever wallet or however format you choose to withdraw your funds. And the funds go
from the broker into your bank account. That's it. Very simple, very seamless process. These are
the three platforms that you're going to need to actually go ahead and be able to execute a trade
into the market and be able to successfully have a profitable strategy. So now coming back to the
charts, now that you understand exactly that you only need three platforms to actually trade into
the market, you need the TradingView, you need the broker, which is like the bank, and then
MetaTrader is where you actually execute the trades. Let's take a step back to actual TradingView.
Like where the fight, where everything goes down. So I'm going to explain to you how trading works,
all of the different options within TradingView. So right now we are on TradingView. As you can
tell, we are on tradingview.com. This is basically where you're going to analyze every single one of
the markets that you are going to be interested in trading. This is the most common known website
for you to analyze your markets. I've been using this only website and I've never heard of any
other trader really using another different website, but this is where you're going to be
able to actually identify if you're interested in buying or selling a market.
So for example, let's say we're going to go trade EURUSD, for example, and we're going to go to a
different server just for examples purposes. So for this different server, you can tell here that
EURUSD, this is what it looks like. So this right here on the chart, as you can tell is the
candlestick option. So we're going to take it a step back. And I know I was going to tell you guys
how to use the no gap candlesticks. So right now, if I were to hypothetically actually input my actual
candlesticks, one second, it should pop up something like this.
Let me get them to pop up. We come to settings. We go to symbol, body, borders, and wicks. Okay.
So as you can tell right here on EURUSD, on the weekly timeframe, for example, and then on the
ICE server, this has many gaps. So as you can tell, this market has a gap here, has a gap here,
has a gap here, gaps throughout all here, which make the market look weird.
If we were to look at it on the daily timeframe, you can see more of these big
gaps right here. These weird fills in the market just looks very weird. And it personally just
throws off my trading as a whole. So what I like to do is I like to use this indicator
named the no gap candlesticks indicator. So all you have to do is go to this indicator section
over here. So just pause the video right now. I'll open up your trading view real quick,
log in, create an account. It's going to be very basic. Once you log in, create your account,
you're going to get the candlesticks that are going to be popped up. And down over here,
you're also going to get the volume section, which is going to be
popped up. Probably something like this should be somewhere over here. You're probably going to
get some bars down over here, which are going to be like some big blue, no, some big green and red
bars. And all you really have to do, they're going to be a bunch of bars like this. All you
have to do is just click on those bars, right? Click on it or double click on it. And then just
once you click on it, there's going to be a pop-up and then it's going to say volumes just
unmark the volume. So you're going to double click on it. It's going to say volumes up over here.
Click on it. And then it's going to remove this section down over here. All that does really just
clutter the chart, just creates extra noise. You're never going to use that option. It's
very unnecessary, right? So once you have that, you're then going to have your candlesticks most
likely with these gaps. So the easiest way to get these gaps removed, it's actually very easy.
All you have to do is come over here, click on the indicator section and then search up no gap
candles. And then you're going to get this first one. The second one works well. I personally use
first one. Once you click on it, as you can notice immediately right away, the markets look
different. There's already a difference inside of the market, but you can't just automatically
click on it and expect for it to work, right? What you have to do is once you click on it,
so let me just remove this one because I don't want to have two of them. Once you click on it,
what you actually have to do is double click the actual market. And then this right here is going
to give you the current candles. And all you have to do is click off the body, the borders,
the wicks. And if you notice there, you're going to be left with the actual no gap candlesticks
candles on the ice server. So basically somebody created an indicator that fills in the gap for
those candlesticks that have gaps, right? This is just a very simple indicator. And this is not
really an indicator. This is more of just an actual tool that's going to help you have the
markets be as clean as mine. So once again, if I were to take a couple of steps back, this is
not the no gap candlesticks indicator. As you can see, there's gaps right here. I then turn on the
gap candlestick indicator, and then it has a fill, but it still looks a little off.
So all you have to do is just double click those candlesticks. Once you double click them,
you uncheck the body. As you can tell, look at the difference it makes here in between that body
and that wick. So you check off the body, check off the borders, and then you check off the wicks.
And then you have a real market movement for how the market should look without the actual gaps.
So
this right here is a little bit of a hack. This I learned pretty late into my journey.
And once I learned it, it did clear a lot of things up, right? I just wanted to get that to
be the first thing that I teach you when it comes to TradingView, because I know it would probably
cause a lot of curiosity, right? We're going to get into the EMA, what setting my EMA is,
and how to use it in just a second. I just want to give you an overall training on how TradingView
works. It can be very overwhelming at times. Depends on how much you look at it. What should
you look at? What should you not look at? So we're just going to break down the most important
things and the things that matter and don't matter, right? So we're going to start off
right over here at the top left, right? So over here at the top left, as you can tell,
we have the market. So this is EURUSD. This is the market that we are currently looking at right now.
If you want to change the market, all you have to do is click on that search bar right there,
and then you can type in whatever other market. This is basically for you to search up any market
that you can possibly imagine of. You can literally just search it up here and it will pop up,
or you can just simply type it on the keyboard and then it will also pop up.
It's equivalent to the same exact thing. You click the plus sign,
it's going to create pretty much the same exact thing. Next to that, you're going to have the
timeframes, but you might only have one timeframe pop up. Might be the daily, the weekly, or the
four hour. You click this little arrow down here, and once you click this popup, you're going to
get all of these different timeframes that are going to pop up. You have the three month, one
month, one week, day, four hour, one hour, 30 minute, all of these different timeframes, right?
All the way up to the one second, which you're never going to be using, as I've mentioned before.
I only use the weekly, the daily, the four hour, the two hour, the one hour,
the 30 and the 15 minute. Now, if I were to uncheck these stars right here, what ends up
happening, as you can tell, is it removes them from this top section over here. This is basically
just a little bit of a hack that makes these timeframes just pop up over here and stay there
saved. So whenever I want to go from one timeframe to another, it's a lot easier and I don't have to
go into this section over here and add it or manually look for the timeframe. These are all
the timeframes that I use. I don't use any other timeframes. And whenever I'm going to be going in
the timeframe, this is how I am going to be looking for that. The section next to that is
all the different types of candlesticks that you can potentially use. As we've already broken down,
all of these are just information overload. You don't need to know what any of these candlesticks
are. The only ones you need to focus on is the line chart and the candlestick chart. Now,
don't worry. In just a second, I'm going to be teaching you guys how to properly use the line
chart, what it's used for and all that stuff. Don't worry. One thing at a time. Once we get
to there, I'm going to break it down and you're going to see how simple it will be.
But this section here is just for you to identify the actual type of bars that you want to pick.
This is the style. Indicators is pretty self-explanatory. You can pretty much search
up any type of indicator that you can possibly imagine. Here, there's going to be
endless indicators that TradingView offers you. And I think the only indicator I have ever
searched up is the EMA. I've never really gone into this indicator section. I know this is a
never ending journey or world in here. Inside of the indicators, there's a bunch of different
types of indicator traders, and I don't know anything about it. All I know is that inside of
this indicator section is where I find my EMA and my no gap candlesticks. That's it. I've never used
this area for anything else. This is for an indicator temple. Once again, this is another
thing when it comes to the indicator. I have actually never even gone into here or saved
anything. Not sure what it's used for. So I can't really educate you on something that I've never
used and I've never found any use for it. Next to that, we have the alert section. So this is if I
want to place an alarm on.
Markets. So right now we are on Euro USD, for example, and I want to be notified once price
crosses through a certain point. So right now we are at 1.17331. Price right now is at 1.17331.
So let's say we want to get notified once price goes to 1.7400. And it lets me know I get a
notification on my phone. I get a notification on my computer one time when it does that or
every single time it does that. So they can
happen more than one time per minute, or it will only be letting me know one time and it won't be
repeated. And I can put an expiration date and I can make this pretty much indefinitely, right?
I can click create. As soon as you click create, you can tell how the alarm or the alert pops up
right here on TradingView. So let's say for whatever reason, I want to enter this trade when
the market gets here, but I have to run to the gym. I have some groceries to do. I have to step
out of the house. I have to step out of the office. I don't have to be glued and stuck in
front of the computer. This alarm here will let me know
once and if price ever does that. If I want to move it up, all I have to really do is just drag
it up and then the alarm gets dragged up. I want to move it down, just grab it and drag it up and
down. I can pretty much also squeeze price in here. And another way to how you can add an alarm
is over here to the right-hand section. You can just click this plus sign and then you can click
add alerts. So that's when price gets to this area right here. If I were to click on this as well,
I can add an alert when price gets to the EMA, for example. If I want to delete it,
I just right click on the alarm. If I once again click this right here, I will be notified once it
hits this area. It's pretty much never ending different types of ways on how you can set up
the alert. The only way I ever use it is I click this button right here. I add the alert at that
point. And once the market gets to the point that I needed to get to, I do whatever I've been
interested in entering in the market. If I want to delete it, hover over it,
click right here and click delete. It's very clean, very seamless, and very simple. I get
creative with my alarms. What I tend to do is I trap price. So I'll put an alarm up here. I'll
put an alarm very tight into this area right here. And I'll know when price breaks below or breaks
above. And sometimes I get even more creative and I right click on the alarm or double click on it
and I'll place a message. Or I'll be like, your USD is crossing this area. Enter now, bro. Or
you got stopped out. So whenever the alarm hits, all you really have to do is look at your phone
and you're going to know what the alarm is.
It's going to be about, right? So this is a little bit of a message that you can leave yourself
whenever you place the alarms at whatever the area is going to be. That's pretty much all it
comes in. It comes to the alarm sections. These are all of the notifications and how you can set
it up. You can get an email, web link sound, just however you want to set up your alarms the way
this is the way I have it set up. And it's been working perfectly for me up to this point right
now. We can get as creative as you want. This little arrow is basically the back. So let's say,
for example, I had some drawings set up. I'm going to go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead
into the markets. And after these drawings, I ended up just accidentally deleting them.
I'll have to do is just click back and it comes right back. If I want to go to where I was,
I just click forward. Pretty self-explanatory. This little bar right here. Don't worry. We're
going to get into that just a second. It's kind of going along the order of how everything is
placed. This right here is basically the area that reflects the actual price of the market
and where the market is. And these are the numbers that are reflecting it. You may see me
sometimes grab this and it's basically all it does is that it.
Moves price up, moves price downs. All you have to do is just left click on it and then
squeeze it, hold it up and down. And then you're going to be able to either look at the market
in a much wider format or in a much tighter format. Already depends on how close or how
zoomed in you're trying to get to the market. Continuing up over here to this top section,
we have the square button, which is a layout setup. So this is different types of ways how
you can look at the market or you want to split it in between two markets like this.
You want to split it into never ending
different styles. You can pretty much go free for all with that. I personally always just have
it in the standard one market layout. This unnamed, I don't even know what this is,
to be honest. Maybe this is just a settings area that you can do something about saving your
charts. I always have it set up like this. I've actually never even changed this right here. I
have no idea what this is. The button next to that is the quick search. I have no idea what
this is either. I have never used it. This right here is just the settings on
the trading view as a whole. So the settings is once again about the candlesticks. Obviously,
I don't have my candlesticks checked because I have the no gap candlestick setting option
on the trading view. This is what I have for the status scales. Oh, this is the volume button
right here. So as you can tell, okay, nevermind. I thought that was going to pop up the volume
down over here, but yeah, I guess that's not it. This is somewhere here. It's not,
but this is how I have my settings. I don't really mess with this right here. I've never
really have. I don't really understand how to modify.
Anything when it comes to any of this stuff. This is pretty much how I've had it for years.
It pretty much stays the same every single time. And this is how I have everything set up. So I
guess you can pause it, look at yours and make it look exactly like mine. This is what I do to set
up my charts every single day. Right? So moving along with that, we have this button right here.
So this is basically to make the market pretty much full screen. So the whole entire screen,
as you can tell, is just the chart right now. This is a very clean format on how you can look
at the chart. If you just want to focus on the
actual price and not get distracted by any of the other buttons that you may have.
And then you can just click the exit button on your keyboard, the E S C button,
and then it returns back to where it was. But it's a pretty cool feature in order for you to
just see the charts and not get distracted with all of these different buttons, little camera
button. And so you take a screenshot or I take a snapshot screenshots, basically this page saves
it for you. And then you can go ahead and save that to your desktop, to your trading journal,
wherever you want to save it. Moving on next to that,
we have the published button. I've actually never published anything inside of TradingView.
I guess TradingView has communities of other traders that post stuff in there. I have no
idea what that is, but I've never really used it. Moving on over here, we have the blue list.
So you probably have a red list, which is a standard when it creates your first account.
But inside of this blue list is where I have the markets that I am currently trading. So as
you can tell, all of my markets are currently tagged with a blue tag because this is the
markets that I trade. I pretty much picked this blue color,
blue when I started years ago, and I've just stayed with this blue list and I've stayed very
superstitious to this list. These are my profitable pairs. These are the pairs that I tend to find the
best market opportunities in, and I don't plan to modify them for anything. Now you guys probably
can't see them because my face is in the way, but these are all of the markets that I personally
trade. And I don't plan to change the color blue. I don't plan to change these markets or add any
of the markets. This is more than enough markets for me personally. I'm very superstitious with
them. And I like them. I'm very superstitious with them. And I like them because they're very
good. I like them because they're very good. I like them because they're very good. I like them
the way that they are. So I know here when it comes to the blue list, you can add stuff here.
I've never even clicked on this option, so I don't even know what it is. I believe this plus
sign is if I want to add a symbol, but another way that I can go about adding a symbol is by
simply just searching it up. Let's say I want to add AUD NZD, for example. All I have to do is just
click on this little flag button over here. And once I click on it, I can pick the color that
I'd want to pick. And as you can tell, the default color is going to be blue. And then
AUD NZD will pop up as the last option all the way down over here. Now, I actually don't like
trading NZD USD. So for now, I'm just going to click on that flag and then it will automatically
get removed. And then I no longer have AUD NZD there. This little pie area is advanced view.
I'm actually going to be clicking this for the first time ever. Okay. Well, I guess this is what
it does. And I have no idea what that does. So we're not going to, I can't break something down
that I have no idea. Here on the settings option, this pops up the volume,
the change and all these different stuff over here. Honestly, let me see. What is it? What is
this? Okay. There you go. That, that takes away the price. This takes away the change. And then
this takes away the change percentage. Honestly, I might just leave it like that. That looks a lot
cleaner. And when I go like this, I guess, yeah, actually I like that a lot better. I mean,
honestly, it looks kind of cool when I had all of these, right? Cause it looks like I,
it looks like I'm onto something, but basically right there, that's just the options that this
can pop up. I don't even know what this change percentage is. I don't know anything about this.
All I know is that this is the price. So Bitcoin is at 115,000 XRP is at this Ethereum is at this,
and this is the price of these markets. That's pretty much it. That's all I really know when
it comes to them. I don't really know anything else inside of here. This right here is going
to be the watch list and the details. So if we were to click that and unclick that,
it just hides them and removes them. So we can have a little bit more of some space,
or you can just simply drag it left or drag it all the way to the right. So you don't have to
see them. I always like having it pretty much like this, where I just see the first
base currency. I don't really need to see the quote. I know the order of my pairs and I'm very
well in connection with them. The button under that is going to be the alert. So this is every
single time your alarm gets hit. This is pretty much like the history of all of the alarms that
you can have. It tells you all the details about it. I mean, I've had, I don't know,
I'm curious on how many alarms I've had, but I've had hundreds of different alarms that have been
triggered. And yeah, this is like the history of all the alarms that I've used. Let me see when
I placed my first alarm. It's pretty interesting.
I placed my first alarm 2020. Is that what it is? December 20th? Is that, is that the day? Yeah,
December 4th. So I guess the first one is down here. Oh, you guys can't see it, but right here
you can see December 13th, 2020. That's when I placed my first alarm. And right now it is
September 13th, 2025. Dude, I've been doing this shit a long time. Five years I've been just
following these alarms. I didn't find out about these alarms until like a year and a half into
just trying to predict this shit, if it was going to go up or down, honestly. So as soon as I figured
the alarms is when I realized it didn't have to be in front of the markets all day. This area over
here is the object tree and data window. I have no idea what this is. I guess this says all the
different objects I have inside of the actual chart, but I don't use this. And then this is
more of like a community section. I have never engaged with anybody in that community and I do
not plan to either. Down over here, I don't know what this is. I don't know what this,
I don't know what this is. I don't know what this is or this or this. Oh, you guys can't even
see it. So it's even better. All the three options that are going to be at the bottom right corner.
Actually, let me see if I can move myself. Oh, I hope I didn't mess this up. Yeah, let's just
leave it like that. Okay, there you go. I hope you guys are seeing that right there. So these
little icons over here, this one right here, this one right here, this one right here, this one,
this one, this one. I don't know what any of these icons are used for, to be completely honest. I
actually just move myself to the middle for now. But yeah, I don't use any of these options right
here. I have never used them. All I use sometimes is this right here just to block out some of the
markets that I'm not going to be trading for the week. So let's say I break down my 10 different
markets for the week and I'm only interested in trading these, for example, I'll just use this
right here as a form to just block out all the other markets just so I don't get distracted.
But this tab here as well, I don't use any of the information in here at all.
This is bullshit. Then you know that this is more of a buying market than a selling market.
This seasonal is bullshit. This performance is bullshit. This is all just an information
overload that you don't need to use it at all. The only thing that I personally recommend to be
using here is this note section. So in here, you can actually write a note to yourself. So, hey,
I'm waiting for a shift to structure or, hey, I'm waiting for my entry signal. And then all you
need to do is just click on that and it's going to be a note that will be saved inside of your
Euro USD section. For example, on my AUDCHF example, this is a note that I wrote to myself
in 2022. So it might be a little over three years ago, I wrote this note to myself. These are the
confluences that I had to sell, for example. And these are just notes that I can just write to
myself in here. But yeah, this in here, I don't use this at all. I don't use this right here at
all. It's a bunch of information overload that you don't need to have. Once again, I just have it
here because I think it looks cool and I personally like it. Whenever I post videos on Instagram or
here on YouTube, it looks like I'm more of an expert than what I really am, but this really
does absolutely nothing, right? So now that we understand that, I'm going to move myself back
to that right-hand corner. There we go. So coming back over here, down to this section of the
trading view, I don't know what this little option over here is. I guess this is the time zone that
the market was, like whatever trading view was created on, this is what it is. This is the time
zone that I have. I've never really modified this. This down here is going to be the actual calendar
of the chart. So you can tell this is September 3rd, 5th, 9th. So these are more of the days
and the further you go back, you can just see the months continue to go back. Even the years,
we have 2025. We go even further back, we have 2024, 2023, pretty much so on and so forth.
So down here is the date of the markets.
And once again, you've probably seen me grab this just to use the markets left and right,
hold onto the screen and move it up or move it down. You can also move it to the left. You can
also move it to the right. It's just a different way of you adjusting the charts. This area right
here does pretty much the same thing. You right click on it, you move it to that area. You click
this area, you move left. You click this right here, you move right, or you click on the reset
the chart and it just resets it back to how it should originally have been. Moving on down here,
it's going to be the one day, five day, one month, three months, six months. I don't really
know what this is. I'm sure if I click on it, it's probably going to take me to something like that.
I don't know. I've never clicked on it. I've never clicked on this button either. I did do
this once, one time by accident. And I brought this up and I'm like, whoa, what the hell is this?
And I guess this is just a different way for you to pretty much just set up, I guess, your bar replay.
And I just realized that I did skip a button, which is going to be the bar replay. So the bar
replay is actually something that you use to back it up. So I'm just going to go ahead and go back to
backtest. So I just clicked on that button and let's say I want to backtest. I can just start
backtesting. Let's say from this point right here, I right click it. And then all I would have to do
is just start. I click the play button and then it's like, if I were to be backtesting, I can
pause it. I can speed up the time of the candlesticks. I can change from a certain
timeframe to another. This is basically the backtesting tool that TradingView has to offer.
It's a very cool feature. And personally, I don't recommend backtesting. I actually hate
backtesting.
I think it's one of the biggest mistakes that traders do when it comes to backtesting because
it creates a false expectation of what trading is really going to be like. I have my personal
opinions on it. And once my students join the community, I explain to them that live testing
is the best thing that you can possibly do. Because when you go backtest, you pretty much
just saw what ended up happening here. Whether you get a friend to come pick the market and
select the bar replay button, it still is not the same because right now we're on the four hour
timeframe. And this market just had all of this move right here. And that just happened in
literally two seconds. And in real life, this took nearly 36 hours to happen. So there's a
big patience factor that backtesting does not take into account. And I feel like it gives a
false perception of what trading really is like. That's why I'm personally very against backtesting.
And I'll give you guys more details on my thoughts on that later as we go through the actual strategy
part and how you should actually be trading and what you should be looking for and what you shouldn't
do. But yeah, I just realized that I overwent that bar replay button. But continuing down here,
yeah, I've never really used this area down here. I think about a year ago, I accidentally moved
this up and then I realized something down here even existed. I don't know what this open panel
or maximize panel even is. Moving down over here to the left-hand side, you're going to
have this little star. So this little star is actually this toolkit right here. So this toolkit,
if I were to click the star, it pops up. If I don't click it, it won't pop up. Once I have my
toolkit pop up, these are all of the tools that I actually use to analyze the market,
that I use to determine whether this is a good trade to buy or whether this is a good trade to
sell. Now, these are all of the tools that I personally use. These are all of the tools that
TradingView has to offer. If you were to right-click on the trend line and tools, you're
going to get many different formats of trend lines and many different ways that you can identify the
market. You can get this type of tool. You can get this different type of trend line,
here for example. You can get a trend angle. I have never used this in my life and I have no
idea what they are used for. I only use inside of this line section, I use the trend line,
the horizontal line, and the horizontal rate. For you to get access to it, all you have to do
is just put the star, click the star, click the star, and you're going to notice that it's going
to automatically pop up on your own custom toolkit bar. All of these other different types of trend
lines, I don't know what this is. What the fuck is this?
This is a pitchfork. It's literally named pitchfork. Then this is a shift pitchfork.
What the fuck is... I don't know. This, in my opinion, is just too much information. Believe
me, when I was learning how to trade, I was here breaking my head, literally trying to figure out,
first of all, what is a pitchfork? What is an inside pitchfork? Looking at this now after I've
been trading for such a long time just makes me feel extremely happy that I actually was able
with this amount of information overload that these different platforms have to offer.
They don't do it in a malicious way. They just do it because they're businesses to offer all of these
different types of tools just so anybody and anybody can use it. But what nobody teaches you
is that you don't need to know or learn every single thing inside of this platform for you to
determine if a trade makes sense to buy or sell. You really don't. But all of these tools that I
have here, the trend line, the horizontal rate, and the horizontal line are the only lines that
you're going to be needing in the future. So I'm going to show you how to do that.
Inside of this section, moving on to the section below, you have the Fibonacci. So once again,
there is a quantillion different amounts of Fibonacci tools and different formats that you
can use. I don't use any, I didn't use any type of Fibonacci. I don't use any type of can there.
What? I don't even know. Like, I think this is the biggest, I don't want to say anything,
but I don't know. I just, I'm telling you, I just looked back and I really tried to figure out
how to make something work with this right here. And you guys don't,
understand how much time I wasted by doing this. This really, this really messed me up guys. I mean
this in the most humbling way. Like this really made me lose a lot of time. So you won't need to
be learning any of this stuff here. They can pretty much nuke this whole entire tab right
here of the Fibonacci. And that will change absolutely nothing in my training. Next,
we have the pattern section. In this pattern section, you have the, all of these different
types of patterns, the only pattern. Let me see what this one looks like. What is this? The cloud?
How does this even make, I don't like, what, what does this do? I don't, I don't know. Oh my God.
What is this? The S line. This looks like a heartbeat. This is like, well, this was my
heartbeat trying to learn this whole trading shit, trying to figure out if I should be interested in
buying or selling like this right here is not a trending, but it's, I don't even know what this
is. Oh my God. It's just, I'm so passionate about trading that sometimes these type of stuff drive
me crazy because it can just completely mess up somebody's journey. The only pattern you're going
ladies and gentlemen is going to be the head and shoulders. So just put a little star on the head
and shoulders pattern, and then it should pop up right there into your toolbox below that you're
going to have the projection. You're going to put a star on the long position and the short
position. These are very self-explanatory. Whenever you're going to buy a trade, this is the long
position you're going to pop up. So whenever you buy a trade, you expect for you to pre-calculate
your risk. So in here, let's say you're only willing on losing a hundred bucks. And then if
you're going to buy a trade, you're going to be willing to take a risk to reward, which is what
this is set up right now. So your risk to reward ratio is a one to two. So you're risking a hundred
dollars here to then making $200 here. So this area is where then you're going to be making
$200 in this area right here. So you're risking 100 right here. And if you win, you win 200.
If you notice it is literally the exact double size, and that's what makes it a perfect one to
two risk to reward. You're risking one to gain two, or you can win two to gain three. So you
risk one to gain three, just simply triple that. And then there you go. So you risk one to gain
three. You could do gain four, five, six, seven. It's all based off of this number right here.
So this right here is a one to five. So you're risking one to gain five. Right here, we have
four, and then we have five, for example. So this risk to reward tool works for buys,
and then it also works for sales. So here you're risking,
one to gain two. And I'm going to be explaining to you how to properly place this,
where it should be your minimum risk to reward tool, why it should be,
and the whole entire philosophy behind that. So that's what the risk to reward tool are going
to be. And I feel like I didn't really mention these other tools over here, but a trend line
is very simple. It's just a trend line. We don't really use it as a trend line. We use it more for
to create our structure points. And I'll explain all of that later. Once we get into that,
our horizontal line is just,
so we can identify a line that goes pretty much across the chart. And a horizontal ray
is pretty much the same exact thing as the horizontal line. It's just from a certain
point. So instead of it being the whole entire market, we could just place it based off of this
point. It makes it very simple. So the market and the charts don't get too cleared up with an
abundance of information. So the head and shoulders pattern is used as a reversal pattern. And this is
so you can determine where the left, the head, and the right shoulders. If you guys have been
following me for some time,
you're going to notice that I repeat this pattern time and time and time again. That's because it's
simply one of the most powerful patterns in the market to date. And it's the one that has led me
to have the majority of my success, but there's a very specific way on how to use it. And don't
worry, I'm going to be breaking down how to use this pattern accurately later into this video. For
now, I'm just showing you what TradingView is and what you should be focusing on and what you should
not be focusing on. This is pretty self-explanatory. You might have it full of
different colors. It might be pretty ugly when you have it. All you have to do is double-click
it or right-click the head and shoulders, go to style, and you can pretty much style it
however you want. You can put it available on whichever time frame you want, change the colors,
put the borders however, and you can make the background however you want. I'm sure it comes
ugly. Probably does. Probably comes with a bunch of different colors and ugly like this. I just
have it as simple and as clean as it can possibly be. But I'm going to be showing you how this works
later inside of the video. Next, we have the long and short positions. We won't be needing anything
else down from over here. This is crazy. This is basically saying that it's going to predict the
next move. It's pretty cool. I'm not going to lie. It's for like a tattoo or something, but not to
make money in trading. Honestly, that makes no sense. Next is the brush. The brush is just used
for my educational purposes whenever I want to mark up structure points or whenever I want to
mark anything off and show people or just set a reminder of something. I'll just circle it and I
don't know to come back to it whenever it's needed. It's just to pretty much note things down. The
logo is going to be used as a box. This is where you're going to place your zones of support and
resistance, and I'll be breaking down support and resistance later. So make sure you have this box.
It's going to be very crucial and essential that you have it. Once again, if you don't like your
colors, double click it, right click it, and you can pretty much change the colors however you want,
or you can just do it based off of this other tab right here that pops up. And then here you can go
based off of the custom colors that you want to go ahead and make your box. I always like making
it as light as possible. So you can actually
see price and people like having a super dark. And if you have a super dark, you literally cannot
see price. The box is blocking price. I like making it around a four to 5%, just so it's
a very light tint. So you can identify if you're in or out of the box, but you can also see it.
Next is going to be the rotated rectangle. And this one I'm actually going to unclick. I
accidentally had that one in my favorites. Next is going to be the path. This one is something
to find market structure and I follow where the price is going to move. Or when I have a prediction
from the market, for example, like let's say I want the market to have a retest of this area right
here to them by I do this whenever I analyze the markets every single Sunday with my students and
I give them my top markets, I will do something like this. So throughout the week, they know
exactly what they should be looking for and wait for the market to do something like that. Basically,
this is just me setting up the path that the market should follow in order for me to be
interested in the trade.
Next to that, you have the eclipse. The eclipse is just another form of you placing a circle. If
you want to go ahead and zoom into a market, for example, let's say I want to go to the lower
timeframe on this area right here. I just put the eclipse. I put a circle over here and we go
down to the 30 minute timeframe. And on the 30 minute timeframe, I know that that's where on the
four hour timeframe I had circled. And I'm going to be looking for whatever market structure or
whatever learning lesson that I need to look for it here. If I want to see how this specific
market looks like on the weekly, I know that all I have to do is go to the weekly.
Find that circle, which will obviously be a lot smaller because you know that the higher the
timeframe, the tighter it's going to be. This is what that circle will look like on the weekly.
If you want to see it on the daily, this is what it's going to look like on the daily. It's just
an area for you to be able to identify the market and you can tell where you are in that market.
And then you can go and look at the details then. So that's going to be the final tool that you're
going to add inside of this section. Next to that, you have the text and notes. If you want to make
you can add the text tool. So this right here, so you can write down your actual confluences onto
the chart. So whenever I want to write down a note to myself, I can either use this option over here.
So I can use this notes option in this area of the trade, or I can actually do it right on the
chart, which is where I like it a lot because I'm literally placing it right on top of the market.
So for example, here, I am waiting for the market to come back to my area of interest or area of
interest. Now, if I want to,
make it longer, just go like this. If I want to make the text smaller, I click this button right
here, making it smaller. These are all just custom, you know, curious creature features that you can
pretty much play with it, but it's just a note thing pretty much. Under that, we have the call
out. Call out is pretty self-explanatory. Let's say you're going to get on a call with me,
or you're going to get a call with my team, and you want to review a trade,
simply get this call out, point it to this point and it's ask Alex this.
Ask team this.
So for example, it's just, you have the specific spot that you want to actually
write it down or review it. Or if you take a trade and you took a loss, for example,
let's say for example, this week, I took a loss here on NDD USD. I'm going to use the call
out option and here's where I'm going to, I took a loss, but I want to come back in one
week and see how it reacted, for example, or how it reached this area, so on and so forth.
Just a different way.
That's how you can actually write down a note onto the market. Continuing from that,
you have the emojis. We're not texting anybody. We're not putting emojis here. We're here to make
money, not to put little hearts on our trading view. Ladies, if you're on here and you're going
to put hearts on your charts, sorry, not that guy. Guys, if you're going to put a heart on your
charts, I think you should not be here. Totally a joke. If you want to put hearts, you can do
whatever you want, but I've never done that in my life. This tool right here is going to be
the measurement tool. So this tool is actually very useful when it comes to either measuring
the size or the time of a market. So for example, let's say we want to know how long the market took
to get from this point right here to this point right here. This market took a total of 93 bars,
which on the four hour timeframe is a total of 21 days and 12 hours. So you can just click the
actual candle or anywhere in the chart and drag it left. And you can see how you continuously
dragging it left. This is going to continuously move and it's going to measure how much time
there are.
Length of that move. Now that is the time wise. Now, if you want to measure it in pips,
which I'm going to get into pips right now, all you have to do is just go up and down. So let's
say you want to see how big a zone is. For example, let's say you want to measure this
zone. You go to the top of the zone and then you go to the bottom of the zone. And you can
tell that this zone is a total of 20 pips, 20.3 pips. If you want to measure the size of this
candlestick, you go from the top of the candlestick.
To the bottom of the candlestick and you can tell, it is a total of 52 pips. And now,
if you want to measure it to the upside from this zone to this zone, you can tell that
that is a total of 40.
Pips. Now, what are these pips? What is a pip pip means point in percentage point in
percentage person. So this is how you measure the market and the, the length.
Of it.
So let's say.
This right now.
is two fighters, right? So these are two fighters. This is the pound versus the Swiss franc. And
this is when Mike Tyson, or this is when the Swiss franc beats up the pound. So if this movement
goes down, that means that the Swiss franc is getting stronger than the British pound.
This move is happening right here and you want to measure how strong that move was. You just
measure it. You get this right here and then you measure it from the bottom up, from the top
down. It's going to be the exact same pip amount. Pip is the point in percentage. So you measure
that move in pips. In fighters, if they were to be fighting, oh, he knocked them down and he stayed
down for, for example, if you were to measure this, he stayed down for 50 seconds. But in trading,
this move went down 50 points. Now this is not correlated with time, but this is just how you
measure the length of the move. In fighting, you measure the length of the knockdown based off of
how long he was down for, for example.
I'm sure there's many different analogies that I can put to it, but it's just the first one that
comes to mind. Pip is the point in percentage. It is the measurement that the market has. So let's
say a market goes, let's say you want to buy this market from this point right here to this point.
You're aiming for 40 points. This 40 points is what the market is going to do. Now you risk,
you base your trade based off of these points. So let's say you want to risk a hundred dollars.
So if you risk a hundred dollars per point, you just do a hundred times four,
40, and then you can go ahead and see how much profits you're going to be making.
So for example, let's say we're going to have this buy position, right? So this buy position,
and I know I can get this lit later into the actual technical parts when we get to the market,
but let's say right here, our stop loss is 20 points, right? 20 pips. If we want to risk
$500, we then go to our position size calculator. We can go to onextrade.com.
We can go to lqh.com. They all have these cool position size calculators where you can pretty
much base your account balance. And then from there, you can actually tell your lots, the lot
size and all that, which I'll get into that later into the actual video. But here basically you
would tell, okay, so this has 20 pips down, and then this has 36 pips to the upside. That's how
you measure how long your stop loss is going to be and how long your take profit is going to be,
pretty much. The tool actually measures it for you, but this tool also measures it for you for
whatever reason you want to measure. This zoom in option, I don't really know what it is. I'm going
to click on it right now for the first time. Oh, I guess it's whenever you want to ... Oh, okay. So I
guess whenever you want to really zoom into a piece of market, you can just get that tool.
That's a pretty cool tool. And then I guess this is whenever you want to zoom out of it pretty
much, but I've never really used it. Not really interested. This magnet, I have no idea what it's
used for. This, I have no idea what it's used for. This is for whenever you want to lock your
drawings. I never really used this option, but I do use this option sometimes, which is where you
want to hide all the drawings. Because sometimes when you're looking at the market, for example,
let's say my NZDUSD, I have a lot of notes sometimes placed on the markets. And if I want
to just remove all of these different noise that I have from my notes, I just look at the market
for what it is. And don't worry, all those notes that I have there, I'm going to be educating you
guys on what they are throughout the video. So don't try and pause it and sneak in and zoom into
it. Trust me, if you try and take the short way, you're going to confuse yourself because you're
not going to be educated on that information, correct? So this tool right here is just to
pretty much hide all of the options for however long you want it. This is going to be
the... I don't even know what this is. This is the sync drawing options. I've never used it. And
then this is the delete button if you want to go ahead and delete drawings. And then after you've
favorited every single one of these tools that I've just explained right now, all you have to
do is put a star and then this toolkit pops up and down. Moving on to this top section over here
is where we have the actual currency markets that we're interested in trading. Once again, this is
just another timeframe that is telling you whether it's reflecting from here. This is the server that
you are in. So you can either be in the OAN, the server how I am now, or whatever server you
decide to pick. This is the color of the symbol that you have, the flag that you have on it. And
these are just more settings that you can have and curious features on it, which I never really
use. This area up here, I have no idea what this is. I guess this is the measurement of the path
or the tool whenever it goes on TradingView, but I never ever look at these numbers. I just think it
looks cool whenever I move it fast, how fast it also moves alongside with it. This option right
here is for the path tool. As you can tell, it just moves whenever I move the path tool, but I
don't really ever use it. This right here is if you want to demo sell or demo buy into the market,
which you could do that, but I've already explained that it's best to go ahead and do that
on TradingView just because it's a lot easier. You can go ahead and do that with it in the
broker and MetaTrader because you can take it with you on your phone. It's pretty self-explanatory.
And then this option right here is where you can hide your indicators that you're going to
be using, which the only two indicators you need to be using is going to be the EMA and the no-go.
gap candlesticks. So everything I just educated you guys on right now is going to be trading view,
right? I get it. There's a lot of buttons. There's a lot of volume, but now that you look at it and
you understand it, it really isn't that complicated. All you really need are these tools that you have
up here. And that's pretty much it. You don't even need to click this button right here for
the alert. You can just click it right here on the right-hand side. And whenever you want to
search up a market, you just simply type it on the keyboard. And whenever you type it, it should
just pop right up. And then it comes over here to the side. All of this other information is
literally just information overload, and you don't need to know any of that stuff. So this right here
is trading view. This is where you're going to spend 90% of your time, if not 95% of your time,
when it comes to actually executing the analysis of the market. And you're going to determine if
you're interested in buying or selling, but at no point are you actually going to buy and sell
off of this market. You're never going to deposit into this platform right here.
This is just where you look at the market. Then you have the broker, where you deposit the funds,
and then the broker creates the MT5 account where you go and execute the trade.
This everything right here are just simply the trading tools and platforms that you need to have
when you are trading in the markets. Believe me, I wish I had these markets when I started
trading because personally, I had so much unnecessary information on my charts that
just simply cluttered my time and it wasted me from actually focusing on things that do matter.
I was practicing a strategy, not trying to figure out what every single feature inside of trading
view was. And if there was these different hidden secret websites that were going to lead me to
understand if something was ready to buy or not. So on this little zap right here, this is
basically the latest update of the market. Every single market will have that little lightning just
shows you where the market is at that very moment. Obviously, this is where these markets are,
and it just gives you like the latest updates on it. But I never click on that either at all.
They're just cool little features that trading view has to offer. I never didn't show it. This
little lightning right here, it's just the latest updates of the market pretty much.
So once again, all you need is trading view to analyze the markets. You need a broker to
deposit your funds. I recommend LQH Markets or I recommend 1xtrade.com. And then the only other
platform that you're going to need from that is maybe, and if anything, Forex Factory for you to
understand if there's fundamentals that are going to be happening. Now, later into this video, I'm
going to explain what fundamentals are good for and how you can actually leverage that into a
profitable strategy. So we'll break all that down into the future.
All right. So now that you understand how trading view works, we're going to go back to
MetaTrader 5, but I'm going to show it to you here on the actual trading view, just because I can
show you everything on one spot. So I know we're going back and forth. So bear with me, have some
patience because I'm trying to explain to you every single feature of trading all inside of the
same section. So you guys can know exactly how to use it all. So this right here is probably when
you were looking at MetaTrader 5 on your phone and you were probably a little bit confused whether
you were ready to actually either place a market instant execution. You're probably curious on
buy limit, sell limit, buy stop, sell stop, and these other pending orders that are right here.
So this is once you are ready to go ahead and execute the trade. So let's say you're looking
at NZD JPY, for example, and you're ready to go ahead and execute that trade, and you're ready to
place either a buy or a sell. So if you want to place a buy or a sell based off of where the
market is exactly right now, you would just go ahead, go to market execution. You would put your
stop loss and then you would put your take profit and then you would immediately take the trade.
So if you were to put your take profit,
it would look something like this. And then if you would put your stop-loss,
it would look something like this.
All you would have to do is come to the MetaTrader 4 or the MetaTrader 5 app.
And then all you would have to do is just place the stop-loss numbers and place
the take profit numbers. So the stop-loss number, for example, right here,
it would be on this trade. For example,
if you were to look at it on this section,
you could look at it either on the right-hand section,
or you could just double click on it.
You go to inputs and your stop-loss is 87.670.
So you would go over here, you would bring up your MetaTrader 5,
and then you would go ahead and implement right here in your stop-loss,
the numbers that you see right here.
So your stop-loss level is going to be 87.670,
87.670. And then you would go ahead and place your take profit.
So your take profit is the green area. And then on this take profit area,
you would go ahead and put 88.736. So take profit,
you would put 88.736.
So then this right here would be your take profit.
Then after that you have the deviation,
which I have absolutely no idea what that is.
I have never placed anything on that button right there.
All I know is whenever I want to trade,
whenever I want to take a trade live based off of where the market is,
I go ahead, I place my stop-loss, I place my take profit,
and then I click buy. Now, before I click buy,
I need to make sure that I can calculate my risk on the position.
So if you notice here, this lot size is going to be 0.05.
And you're probably wondering, Alex, what does that mean?
What does 8.5 mean?
What does 8.5 mean in lot size? How does that work? Well,
it's actually very simple.
Your lot size is what's going to determine the actual risk on the position
that you're going to be taking.
So if you want to risk a hundred dollars inside of this trade right here,
right? So for example, let's say you have a thousand dollar trading account,
right? Your balance on the account is a thousand dollars.
You deposited a thousand dollars inside of one X trade.
So on your MetaTrader 5, it says $1,000,
but out of those $1,000,
you want to only risk 50 bucks, right?
That is what you are okay with risking on this position right here.
All right, cool. That's a great percentage based off of your account.
And this trade,
you're going to be risking $50 to potentially gain $100.
That is a positive risk to reward ratio.
Now how do you calculate that lot size that you need to go ahead and place into
your position? Because once again,
this lot size that you're going to be placing right into your MetaTrader 5 that
needs to go directly
before you click the buy or the sell button,
you can't click buy or sell into the market until you haven't pre-calculated
your lot size. Now determining your lot size is extremely easy.
So you can come over here to onextrade.com.
You can go to their lot size calculator,
or you can go to LQH markets and you can go to their position size calculator,
whichever one you like best. And let's say right here,
you're going to put your account balance.
So let's say your account balance is a thousand dollars for the example that
we're using right now, and you want to risk 50 bucks.
So 50 bucks,
is 5% of your account and let's say your stop loss in pips is
going to be a total of 35 pips. For example,
let's say we go back to this trade right here,
and this is a 30 pips stop loss. So as you can tell,
this is a 30 point stop loss. This number right here,
amount 750. I have no idea what it is. This percentage.
I have no idea what it is. And this stop 0.307.
I have no idea what it is. All I know is that this number right here,
3 0.7,
0.7 is the amount of pips on this actual position.
So let's say this trade is actually a total of 30 pips. All right, cool.
Now I know for the take profit, I'm targeting to have 61 pips.
Now I don't know what this percentage is,
and I don't know what this target is.
All I know is that this is the pitch for the take profit.
This is the pitch for my stop loss. And my risk to reward ratio is a two.
I don't know what this quantity is. And I know this open PNL is going to tell me
how many pips.
I am in drawdown or how many pips I am in profit is this fluctuates,
depending how price is moving.
But I said the time of us taking this trade right at this point, right there,
this is going to be my hip account for the stop loss.
All I have to do is come back to my lot size calculator.
My pip size is going to be 30 amount, 30 pips.
And then what currency pair are we going to be trading?
So this currency pair that we're going to be trading is NZD JPY in New Zealand
dollar versus the Japanese yen.
So all I have to do is type.
Type here, NZD, JPY, NZD one second.
Oh, I guess you have to look through it like this.
You type it in.
Does it pop up?
We could just look for boom, boom, boom.
And it's probably organized in order because there's so many different
currency pairs right here, NZD JPY.
And then all I have to click after that is just simply calculate risk.
Now my lot size in order for me to risk $50 with my thousand dollar
account.
And a 30 pip stop loss is 0.17.
Now this trade right here, as soon as I am going to go enter the trade,
when I go place my stop loss, all I have to do is put 0.17 on this lot size.
I put the number of my actual stop loss, 87.6, five zero right here.
And then I put my take profit, which is going to be 88.5, seven,
zero at this point right here.
And then I click buy at no matter.
What happens in this market, Trump could come out with the craziest tweets,
another Corona virus, uh, another, anything pandemic could happen.
This can have a massive candlestick to the downside like this are a massive
candlestick to the upside like this.
The most I will ever lose on this position is going to be those $50.
Why?
Because I have a stop loss and I have it calculated with the lot size.
So I know exactly how much I am risking on this position.
As soon as I am entering this market, that is exactly what I am going.
To be risking.
I will not lose any more than what I have pre-calculated here.
And I will not gain more than what I have pre-calculated here.
As soon as the market comes to this area, the market will automatically take me
out at my stop loss at this point, right here.
As soon as the market comes up to this area over here, the market will automatically
take me out at this area right here.
The beauty of this right here is that, you know, exactly how much you are
risking to exactly how much you can potentially gain.
There is no random outcome.
There is no uncertainty.
What can potentially happen?
You know exactly what is going to happen.
So MetaTrader 5, when you are going to go execute your position and an
instant execution, you have to just make sure that you simply just click zero.
You simply just place your stop loss.
You place your take profit and you calculate your risk.
Then you click the buy or the sell button.
Now, the only difference in between instant execution, buy limit, sell limit,
buy stop, sell stop, buy stop limit, and sell stop limit is that you pretty much
predict or you predict.
You place the area where you want for the market to enter you right away.
So a buy stop is an order placed above a current price.
And you're basically going to be entered into the trade as soon
as the market gets to that point.
So for example, let's say I placed a buy stop order, right?
So let's say we want to place a buy stop.
I would place the market right here.
So as soon as I click the buy stop option, there's only one tab more that's going to open.
And that's the area where you want to praise, where you want to place the
price.
So this is where you want to place the price.
So this price is going to be at 88, one, four, five.
So you're are telling meditator five that whenever the market gets to this price,
88, one, four, five, the market is going to immediately enter you the position.
So this is if you have to go to work or you have to go to the gym or you have to
go to sleep, whenever the market breaks through this area, it's going to
automatically enter you into the position with your pre-calculated stop loss, with
your pre-calculated take profit.
Everything is exactly the same.
The only difference is that you are literally just placing price whenever, and if price
ever gets there, it's going to enter it automatically for you.
That's pretty much it.
When it comes to a sell stop, it's the exact same thing, but just to the downside, let's
say you want to sell this market, but you don't want to sell this market right here.
And you see yourself that you're going to be having a long day at work or a long day
outside of the office, but you know, once price breaks this area, you would be
interested.
You're interested in executing the position.
Okay, cool.
So you just simply place a sell stop.
And as soon as price is below that current price, and that's where you're going to be
immediately entered into the position as if you were to be executing the market at that
point.
And then you have what is called a sell limit and a buy limit.
So it's an order placed above the current market price, anticipating that it's going
to fall.
And a buy limit is basically you're placing a limit below the current market price while
the market.
And you're anticipating for it to rise.
So let's say at this price right here, you want to go ahead and you want to place a sell
limit.
Now for you to place this sell limit, let's say you want price to get to this point right
here.
Let's say you want market to get to 88.277.
Once price gets to this area right here, you're going to enter the market as a sell.
So let's say you identify this to be a very strong level of resistance.
Whenever the market gets there, you want to be immediately entered.
So you want to be able to place it into a sell.
Once again, you predetermine your stop loss.
You predetermine your take profit.
You just see yourself that you're going to be busy and you can't place the limit and it places it for you.
The buy limit is pretty much the same.
It's just vice versa.
So let's say you don't want to buy right here because it is way too high and you want the market to buy at this point right here.
You see price is going to have a reaction from this area, from where it double click this area.
It's going to be 87.723.
Okay, cool.
So whenever price makes it to this area.
And if it has a dip down into this area.
Okay, cool.
So whenever price makes it to this area, it's going to automatically enter you into the buy position.
Let's say the market continues to go down.
Well, you entered the market at that position.
That's why I don't like using these pending orders because the momentum coming into these zones could be very strong.
And if you were just to be watching the market live, you could probably avoid a loss because price can come very strong into this area.
And within the same candlestick or within the same minute, go straight to your stop loss.
And just because you entered it off of a specific zone.
You simply got stopped out.
But if you were probably watching the market live as it was having that deep retracement, you'd probably be like, you know what?
I'm going to wait for this momentum to slow down a little bit to see if I can get a better entry.
And then there you can potentially avoid a loss or even get a better entry all the way down here.
Instead of using these pending order limits that basically execute the trade for you.
I would much rather use my alarms.
So I put an alarm at these specific areas.
And once price gets there, I will then be looking at those.
I'm going to go to the market to see if I'm interested in executing the trade.
Now, I did this while I was working at Dunkin Donuts.
I worked at Dunkin Donuts for a couple of years and I had multiple different jobs.
And at no point that I put these limit orders as the decision maker to enter the trade for me.
I wanted to make sure that I am entering the trade based off of a real confluence that I am actually having.
At no point that I want to enter the trade just based off of momentum.
And if that doesn't make sense right now, don't worry.
I'm going to be explaining all that later.
When we actually get into the actual strategy.
But that is exactly what these limit orders are and pretty much how they work.
And then the only difference in between a buy stop limits and then a sell stop limit is that you can pretty much just place limits at these types of orders.
So you can either place a sell limit or a buy limit or you can place a limit on these orders as well.
Pretty much the same thing.
You're just setting different limits.
But I can guarantee you if you want to use my profitable strategy and everything I'm going to be teaching you inside of this video and every other video that I post.
At no point do I ever use any of these right here.
But I do have to educate you on it because sometimes temptation might be there.
Just in case if you are busy and you want to just place a limit in the event that you know you're not going to be in front of the markets.
I think it's just a lot.
Okay.
So now that you guys understand exactly how a buy stop and a sell stop works.
You guys understand that buy stop is when it breaks through.
Sell stop when it breaks through and how these limit orders work.
Let me actually just go ahead and show you over here back on Meta Trigger 5 once again.
Right.
So we have our hundred bucks that we just deposited.
We're going to go back over to the currency market.
So let's say, for example, we want to go ahead and trade at EURUSD.
Right.
So we click on this trade button for us to actually execute the trade.
Now, once again, just taking a quick step back on this EURUSD trade.
If you click on chart, the chart will pop up.
If on the EURUSD trade we click details, details will pop up.
And then if you were to click on statistics, statistics will pop up.
The only button that we will ever really be using.
It's just going to be the trade button.
So we can go ahead and click the trade button.
So we want to make sure that we are going to do a instant execution on this market so we can execute the trade right now where the market is at this point.
So if I were to go ahead and take you to the EURUSD chart.
So from the last time that we spoke, the market has moved a bit.
So this market right now on EURUSD is, for example, let's say at this area right around over here.
So if we would have asked.
So if we would have actually entered the trade where I placed it last week when I was recording this video, we would have actually won this trade.
This would have been a beautiful win from the market where we were actually executing the trade.
But we're up over here now, right?
So this trade is having some pretty clean momentum.
Let's say you want to buy this market.
So we're going to go ahead and go to MetaTrader 5.
We're just going to put a 0.01, which is the smallest lot size that you can possibly put.
And we're just going to put market execution.
Let's say we want to buy this trade at this point right here.
Let's put our stop loss very tight at this point.
And let's put our take profit very tight to this point right here.
So our stop loss is 1.18001.
Put our stop loss 1.18001.
And our take profit is going to be 1.18308.
And we simply just click buy.
And that's it.
We're into the market.
Now, as you can see, as soon as we entered the market, we are in some drawdown in this point.
We're in a position.
Now, this position is, once again, is in drawdown because we are obviously having a cost to enter this trade, which we are having some fee, some spread.
And as you can tell, that fee and that spread pretty much was already gone because the trade is in momentum and we're going into profit.
And once you start making profit, those fees are pretty much, you don't even see them anymore, right?
So this trade right here, if you were to want to close it, you can just tap on it and you can click close position.
You can modify the position.
Go to charts.
Or click on bulk operations.
Right here, you can see your exact stop loss, once again, to the bottom left corner of this pop-up tab.
You can then see your take profit, the time, and the swap.
The swap is the cost for you holding the position overnight or over the weekend.
And the fee of that would just pop up there so you have an idea on how much actual profit you are in this position.
So at this very moment, once you enter a trade, you pretty much just have to set and forget and let the trade do its thing.
You either let the trade hit your stop loss.
Or let the trade hit your take profit.
Now, later on into this video, I'm going to actually teach you a strategy on how you actually execute these trades at the right areas.
You're going to know when exactly to enter and how to manage your trade.
Because a lot of traders, they maybe know how to analyze the markets.
But the reason why they're not profitable is because they don't know how to properly manage a trade.
And I want to educate you guys on different ways of actual trading first before you actually know how to manage a trade.
Because you first need to learn how to trade before you can learn how to manage it.
And while me, I was just talking and explaining.
You can just see how we went from being negative 20 cents to pretty much now being break even or positive 2 to 3 cents.
Now, if I were to want to close this position, all I would have to do once again is just click on that close.
Click on the tab of the actual trade.
I could go ahead and click close.
And at this point, I would just click close.
That orange bar that has just popped up there.
And it would say you would close with 13 cents in loss.
Now, if you don't want to close in a loss, you can just wait.
And if you want to modify your position, you can just click on modify.
And let's say for whatever reason you want to open your stop loss and make it a little bit bigger.
You can just simply modify your stop loss.
So let's say you want your stop loss to be 1.17966.
All you have to do is click modify.
And you come here and modify.
1.17966.
And then you just click modify.
And then you stay in the exact same position.
You just simply modify your take profit.
Let's say once again you want to modify your stop loss.
Let's say you want to modify your take profit.
And you click modify.
And then you take a look at the new trade.
And then you click modify.
And then you click modify.
And then you click modify.
And then you click modify.
And then you click modify.
And then you click modify.
And then you click modify.
You simply get this.
And now your new take profit is 1.1413.
It's always good to double, triple check because these numbers literally determine your profits.
Click modify.
And now your trade is modified.
You don't get moved into the position.
You don't get entered into a new position.
You are just simply modifying your position after you have entered it.
So this right here is every single button that you're really going to be using when it comes to the MetaTrader 5.
Once you're in the position, you're going to want to add a second position.
to find your position after you have entered. So this right here is every single button that
you're really going to be using when it comes to the MetaTrader 5. Once you're in the position,
once you click on trade, it could just give you the option to add another position.
If you were to click chart, it's going to take you to the actual charts on MetaTrader 5,
just so you can actually see where your stop loss is on the chart, which would be at this area right
here because your real representation of where it is and then where your take profit is. It gives
you a real representation of where it is. If you were to click bulk operations, if let's say you
were to have many positions available, this would enter you in all of these positions at the same
time. So let's say I agree to the terms and conditions. I click on bulk operations. I can
close all positions, close all losing positions, close all buying positions. It just depends how
many positions you have open. You can customize the execution that you want to do at this point.
Personally, myself, whenever I actually go close a position, I usually tend to have multiple lots
open simply because I don't want to have a lot of positions open. So I'm going to go close a
position because I have a lot of trades at the same time. I just click close all positions and
it'll close them all at the exact same time. I don't have to go manually one by one and then
click close. It just saves me about 10 seconds. That's really it. So that's pretty much every
single feature when it comes to this MetaTrader 5. The last one and most creative one is I say
you want to not close the whole entire position. I say you want to close partial. Now this would
only work if we were to be in this position for more than 0.01%.
For example, let's say we would be in this position 0.10 and you want to close half of your
position. You can simply come into here and close 0.05 and then you click close and then you would
be closing 50% of your position. So this is every single feature that it comes to actually
executing a trade with straight market execution. Let's say you want to enter a trade and then you
actually have a buy limit, for example. So let's say we want to have a buy limit on this position.
This market and we want the limit to be based off of this area right here. So for now, let's get
rid of this risk reward tool. We want to enter the market once the market hits this price point
right here. So that's going to be the entry prices 1.18120. So price will be 1.18120. Stop loss is
going to be 1.17879.
And then your take profit is going to be 1.8361. All you have to do is just simply click place
and that is it. So now, as you can tell, you're not in profit or in drawdown, but you have places
a market execution. So once the market comes into this area, it will automatically enter you
the position while you're anticipating for it to go up. It could come into this area and then
keep continuing going to the downside, but just depends on the type of order that you have placed,
it will execute.
You into that market. This right here is great for people. Once again, that aren't available to
be in front of the markets all the time. And if for whatever reason, after you place the limit,
it's been hours and the trade hasn't been executed. All you simply have to do is click it
and you can delete the order that you have placed, or you can modify it. You can either
change your stop loss. You can change your entry price, change your take profit, or you can just
delete it as a whole. So if you were to delete it, you just click on the delete button. It's
going to give you the confirmation.
And then you go to the history tab and the history tab, it should pop up like an order that you
had in a, in the past. I know that since it wasn't a position, it won't pop up when you actually close
a position like this one. Let's say we close it right now at 50 cents and a loss. We can see it
over here, how this was a position that we entered and how it has actually closed. So this right here
is pretty much every single feature inside of MetaTrader five. And when you go withdraw your
funds from MetaTrader five, you don't actually withdraw your funds from MetaTrader.
Five, you withdraw it from the broker that you are going to be trading. And then that broker will
reflect that price on the actual MetaTrader five. And now for example, let's say that we want to go
ahead and withdraw our $99, right? Because we lost the position. We're not happy about it.
And we just want to get the money back. You can't withdraw MetaTrader five. MetaTrader five is not
the broker. You need to make sure that you go to the broker so you can go ahead and actually withdraw
your funds. So remember MetaTrader five is the platform where you are going to execute the
position.
The money in or out of the actual platform is going to be on the broker. So the money is reflected
on MetaTrader five for you to actually place the trades. But when you want to withdraw the money,
you have to go back to the broker and request the withdrawal from the broker. Once you withdraw the
funds, it's going to reflect on MetaTrader five. And then from there, you're going to go ahead and
do whatever with the funds once you have withdrawn it. But MetaTrader five never has your funds.
They don't get access to your funds. They're just a platform that just
shows the trades and shows the profit and loss pretty much. But where the funds actually are,
are within the broker that you're going to be using, whether it be 1X trade or it be LQH markets.
So with that being said, that is pretty much everything when it comes to market orders,
how to actually take a trade, how to place these orders, every single feature inside of
MetaTrader four, MetaTrader five. Now I want to get into actual types of trading. I want to
educate you guys on fundamental trading. I want to educate you guys on technical
trading and how I personally do it. So within this video, you guys can go ahead and actually
start to begin executing trades by the end of it. Now, if you guys aren't subscribed, make sure you
guys hit that subscribe button. This is one of the many videos that I'm being creative for you
guys. So if you guys aren't subscribed to the channel, you're going to be missing out on a bunch
of videos, including other valuable ones like this one. So hit that subscribe button. It doesn't cost
you anything. And personally, I believe this is going to be one of the best videos that you're
going to have in order for you to learn trading from zero to 100. So with that being said, let's
continue.
So now that you understand all that, let's move on to our next subject, which is going to be
fundamental analysis. Now, before I get into fundamental analysis, we already know what
technical analysis is. This is when for you to determine if you want to buy or sell the market,
you're going to focus your analysis on the candlesticks, on price action, which you're
going to be reading the candlesticks going to the upside or to the downside. And that's where
you're going to make a decision whether you want to buy or sell the market. It's all going to be
based off of reading.
The charts, reading the candlesticks, reading technical analysis, price action. It's all the same
thing for you to determine if you want to buy or sell the market based off of technical analysis, price
action or candlesticks. This is what it's going to be. Now, let's say you want to base your trade if
you want to buy or sell the market off of fundamental analysis. This is focused on when you read the
underlying articles of either a company that can directly reflect the price of a currency, the underlying
writing of a economy.
On.
A country, a news event or just the economy as a whole of the country that directly reflects on the
currency. So fundamental analysis trading is exactly what it is. You are reading the fundamentals in
order for you to determine if you are interested in entering a buy or entering a sell. You're
basically going to go out there and find the different articles of a certain country and see
the previous times that articles similar to this reflected the price. And then there you're going
to determine if it's a good time to buy or if a good time to sell.
At no point do you ever go to the actual technical charts for you to determine if you want to buy or sell the market.
That's what technical trading is for. So fundamental analysis traders are a bit more on the higher time
frames because they're just using the overall direction of where the economy should be going. And then they
make the decision based off of that. For example, if they cut interest rates, the dollar should get stronger or
weaker. Or if they start printing more money, the dollar gets stronger or weaker. And then they base their trade
off of that. And this is a lot more long term way of trading. But some traders have gotten very creative and they've
combined the both of these as a whole. So they will do their main technical analysis off of price action. And then as they're
going to go into the trade, they go and check out if there is certain fundamental analysis or certain fundamentals
coming out to see if they can add a certain confluence to the trade. For example, let's say we would be using Forex Factory
as one of these examples. Right now it's Wednesday, September 17th.
And at the time of us trading today at two in the morning, there was going to be well, tomorrow at two in the morning,
there's going to be GBP news. And let's say, for example, that I'm interested in trading the Great British Pound. I can go
ahead and look into this news article. And this is going to have everything is this is basically everything that the forecast
is going to potentially be. These are the other dates that it's had a very similar news event to this day. This is what
they forecasted. This is what it was previously. And this is what actually happened.
If you notice, it was forecasted to be one point up. It was actually two points up from the previous one.
I'm sure that had a very minimal impact in the market. If you want to go and verify that, you can just go to this date on any
Great British Pound market and then you can see if it actually had some type of effect.
The CPI news sometimes work so that they sometimes do this, sometimes don't.
Personally, in my opinion, from my last four years of really like doubling down and becoming a better trader,
money is a huge asset. Maybe 200 percent of the time, the actual fundamentals follow the technical analysis.
So whatever you properly understand with price action because this is the big thing,
like you need to properly know how to read price action.
Now I'm not saying you need to properly have a strategy for you to have accuracy with the news.
That's not what I'm saying. I'm saying if you know how to read price action, you can be a scalper, a day trader, swing trader.
It can be whatever type of trader.
read price action correctly, you can determine if something is bullish or bearish, the news
70% of the time will follow the trend of where the price action dictates. That is a simple fact,
right? Now, I'm not saying if you have my strategy or if you trade with my strategy,
that the fundamentals will follow that strategy. No, no, no. I'm not saying that. I'm just saying
that the fundamentals will follow the overall trend of price action. And some people wrongfully
analyze the trend. So fundamentals are just simply news events that come out every single
day on each currency. You have some news events like CPI. You have some new news events like BOC
rate, overnight rate, press conferences, FOMC, which tends to be one of the biggest ones.
Then we also have unemployment. We have NFP, official bank rates. These are all different
types of news events that affect the currency of that country. So for example, let's say that I
am interested in taking a look at the stock market. I'm going to take a look at the stock market.
I'm going to take a look at the stock market. I'm going to take a look at the stock market. I'm going to
trade on USDCHF or let's say Euro USD, for example, on Wednesday. Like, okay, we do have
minor news events at 3.30 in the morning on the Euro. Does it make sense to take the trade? Sure.
Or you know what? I want to sit on the side because I don't know what the president is
going to say and it might affect the currency very significantly. And let's say I'm interested
in taking the trade on Euro USD and I don't find the trade in the morning. In the afternoon,
I say, okay, you know what? I'm going to use these news events in my favor. I'm
going to use it to actually get out of the trade. Personally, in my experience from
trading, I tried so hard to figure this out and try to find a potential edge on reading
the market. And the truth of the matter is that there is no real edge. The news are
going to have their news event flashes no matter what. There's some events where they're
going to have major moves to the upside, major moves to the downside. And it's going
to do what it's going to do. Whenever news events come out, the brokers mark up their
spreads.
And their fees, just because that's what goes down in those news events, a lot of money
gets moved because the big banks and the big institutions, they get scared. They don't
know if the federal fund rates are going to get cut in their favor or against them. And
then based off of that, they're going to move the money around, which in turn affects
the liquidity that the brokers get, which then they have to change and modify their
spread. So then they aren't negative on the business. It's just the news events are a
bad example of when these news events are happening. That is so much, that is out of
your control that in my opinion, it just logically makes more sense to just focus on something
that matters, something that you can actually look at and you can see patterns in the past.
And that's simply going to be the charts. If a news event comes out and it does this
move, so be it. It's not going to be every single day or every single week that you're
going to have a news event like this go in your favor or against your trade. There's
going to be weeks where it's going to be like this. I'm pretty sure in the next few days,
I'm going to be going against this. Just be ready. If you're going to have a news event,
pretty big wick and then it's going to go in your favor or against your favor. It can happen once or
two times a month. It is what it is. It's part of the process. There's no way that I am going to
modify my trading approach simply because of a news event that actually has an impact one or two
times a month. The best way that I can put the analogies based off of my experience and the way
that I trade and how I'm going to teach you right now is almost like if a real estate investor
were to be investing into real estate, but occasionally he cannot see certain pieces of
real estate and it's just a big mystery box. Now, as a real estate investor, will you sometimes take
the risk and buy this random mystery box? Sure. But sometimes these mystery boxes have good deals.
Sometimes they have terrible deals, but you're not going to make your whole entire real estate
investment based off of something that is blind, something that you can't see. You want to make
sure that you can actually look at the patterns. You can see the same thing over and over again,
so you can actually make it.
Make a strategy based off of your approach. Now, is there some times where what's inside
of this mystery box could be a great thing? Yes. But I don't know about you, but if I were to be
a real estate investor, I want to make sure that I can see my property before I buy it. I want to
make sure that I can go walk inside of it and I can at least have an idea of what I'm putting my
money into. Now, if I were to go ahead and actually buy this real estate property, but one of the
rooms inside of them happens to be a mystery door and I don't know what's inside of that door,
it could either be really good or really bad for the property. At least I have some type of context
that the overall property is good. I have an idea that 70%, 80% of the investment actually makes
sense. And then the other percentage just simply is an add-on. If it's good, it's okay. And if
it's not, it's still okay because I know that the actual core base of the foundation of the
decision towards that investment was great. That's exactly what trading with fundamentals is. If you
want to go ahead and take a decision just based off of the fundamentals, it's almost like a mystery
box because you never really know how these news events are going. You never know what they're
going to say. And then nonetheless, how the market is going to react to it. I've had many,
many times where I have had a lot of analysis on a fundamentals and I have read it. And I personally
believe that the market was going to, like, I would have reacted a certain way to those
fundamentals, but then the market reacted a completely different way. So one thing,
what I personally would do with that information, another thing is what the market would do. Or the
other thing that you can do is potentially have your whole entire technological analysis, have
your price action, and then just have a piece of it be a bit of a mystery. So like, let's say I
enter the trade at one in the afternoon, for example, and then the news events are going to
come out at two. Okay. That can add to my trade or it can potentially make it worse. But what I
guarantee you is that if you're making a logical trade decision based off of price action and
with proper price action analysis, the fundamentals, the majority of the time is going to go in your
favor. And trading the fundamentals alone is simply going to be a never ending journey of you
attempting to predict what is going to happen next and how the market is going to react to very,
very, very big variables that are completely out of your control. And you can not see any patterns.
And truthfully, in my opinion, I just think it's a lot easier to actually have a very clear vision
of the type of investment that you're making with whatever type of trade that you're going to be
taking.
Okay.
So fundamentals,
so trading to me is just simply a mystery box. And if you make a logical trade analysis decision,
this is just simply going to be an added confluence to it. But if you want to go ahead
and dive into a rabbit hole when it comes to fundamentals, please go to forexfactory.com.
They've been around for tens of years and they give you as accurate as it's going to get to the
information. They give you what they potentially believe it's going to be, what it was previously.
And then after the event actually happens, what it actually was. But after it happens,
it's no good because the move has already happened in the market.
You can't obviously go back into the past to enter your trade.
Now, with that being said, you understand how the fundamentals work and that it's just really a
mystery box, but you're probably asking me, okay, Alex, so how does price action work? How do I
actually know if something is bullish or bearish? How can I actually read and understand the market?
So I'm going to be teaching you guys right now, how to read the candlesticks, how to read these
patterns, how to identify if something is bullish or bearish, how to do a proper top down analysis,
what is market structure, just everything when it comes to this market that I'm going to be showing
you guys right now. So this is where things are going to start getting serious because once I
actually teach you how market structure works, then I'm going to teach you the strategy on how
you can actually execute the trades on this market. So if there's a moment to pay attention
and to be locked in and to actually be focused and be ready to write down notes is going to be
this. If you're driving, if you're at work, if you're at a social event, if you're anywhere but
in your office or wherever it is that you had and focus on learning, stop this video and come back
when you're ready. It's just going to make more sense for you to rewatch the video once you've
already understood it properly the first time, rather than you just hearing it in the background
and then you go ahead and hear it again. And then you have to go ahead and hear it again.
It's better if you pay attention the first time. So everything connects right from the start and
you use your time efficiently while you're learning. You don't want to just be having
this in the background for no reason, right? So let's first start.
Off with what is price action, right? So price action is literally what you're looking at right
here. Price action is all of these candlesticks going up and down. Price action is these points
where the market hits, it bounces from and it bounces up and down. All of this right here
is price action. Price action is when the market goes up and down. Now, price action can be
reflected either in these candlestick formats or in the line chart, as you guys already know.
Price action is what's going to tell you if this market is bullish or bearish. So price action
pretty much equals the chart, which equals the history, which equals almost the heart or
the fight. These are all the same exact thing. Price action is everything. Literally the whole
entire market is based off of price action. Price action is the candlesticks. It's
price. It's the trail. It's the history. It's just like the market. It's almost like saying
like the road. For you to get to one spot to the next area, like what gets you there is
the road. What connects one place to another is the road, the pavement, the concrete, the signs,
the highways. All of that is just at the end of the day, the road. This is exactly what this is.
This is the road to the market. This is the market leaving its trail. Price action is just
literally...
Everything. Now, price action can be seen in two different ways. One, the line chart, or two,
the candlestick chart. Now, I know we already know that. We're going to be using both of these
with one another. And I'm almost going to teach you something to then go ahead and
unteach it to you. So price action is needed to determine if the market is bullish
or bearish. The only way for you to understand, and you guys can go ahead and write this down.
There's a lot of things that I'm going to say that I might not type, but you guys should definitely
be writing it down, is the only way for you to determine if price action or the market or the
chart or the trend or whatever is bullish or bearish is with the candlestick and the line
chart, is with the price action. The only way for you to determine if the market is either in a
bearish or bearish chart is with the candlestick and the line chart, is with the price action.
In a bullish market or in a bullish market is going to be with price action. There's no other
way that you can tell if the market is bullish or bearish without price action. The fundamentals
will never tell you if the market is bullish or bearish. The indicators will never tell you
if the market is bullish or bearish. No crossover, no Bollinger bands, all this stuff I'm going to
teach you later into the future, but no indicator, no pattern, nothing will ever teach
you if something is bullish or bearish like price action. Price action is going to be the end all
be all area section where it's going to tell you if something is bullish or bearish. Everything
that is out there in the market that is added on top of price action, it's exactly that. It's
an add-on to price action. Indicators are an add-on to price action. Tools are an add-on to
price action. Any possible EMA is an add-on to price action. Any reversal,
pattern is an add-on to price action. Price action is the core. And I'm repeating this
because I need you guys to really understand and get this because once you get this, you get
everything. As soon as you understand the proper market structure based off of price action,
it is everything. So now that you understand that price action is everything and price action
is needed to determine if the market is bullish or bearish, the market determines if it's bullish,
or bearish based off of market structure. So market structure is what's going to let you know
if this market is actually indeed bullish or if it's going to be bearish. Market structure is
everything. Market structure is every single elbow that you see in this market. Every single
triangle, every single reversal points, every single pointy section, every single point where
the market had a move to the opposite direction.
This is going to be considered market structure. So this is almost like the red lights. This is
almost like the turns in the street lights. These are the curves. These are the entry and exit
points of the highways. These are all of the stop signs. These are all of the turning lanes.
This is all of the mergings. This is basically every single point that connects the road
with one road to another, from one destination to another.
The middle point is just the road. This is just the road to get you to this point right here.
Once you are at this point right here, this is, let's call it first street. Now this first street,
it only has a turn to the left or to the right, and this turn to the right. This is just the
full road to then second street, and then back up and down. Now this is the road. This road is just
a straight road, a straight one shot to get to this street. Once you get to this stop, then you
turn to the next stop.
This is just a road to then the next stop. Once you get to the next stop, then it's just a road
to the next stop. Every single one of these structure points, look at it almost like a
stop sign. Look at it like a turning light. Look at it like an entry point to the next entry or
getting off at the next exit. These are literally just points where the road needs to stop in order
for you to then be able ... Let's say you want to get from this point over here to this point over
here.
Let's cross over because there's buildings in the way. There's a lake in the middle. There's a lot
of stuff going on in the middle. In order for you to get to this destination, you first need to then
hit first street. After you go to then first street, there's a stop sign, and then you need
to go back up to then second street. Then on second street south, then you need to turn back
into first street north, and then on north street first, then you actually make it to then third
street.
So for me to go from this street to this street,
you need to follow the ways of the road. There is no difference in between that example and then
this market structure. This market structure, in order to forget, in order for it to get, let's say,
to this point to this point, you need to follow the road in order for the market to get there.
Now, this is going to be crucial for you to understand how the market actually works,
how to determine if it's bullish or bearish. Now, I'm not saying, for example, right now,
that the live price needs to ... In order for it to get to down here, that it needs
to break this road and stuff like this. That's not what I'm saying. I'm just saying, in order for
you to understand how the market got from this point to this point, just follow the road and
follow the structure points. The structure points are going to tell you how it actually made it to
that point. So the structure points are these points over here, once again, are going to be
the stop signs, these turning signals, these reversal areas. These are going to be market
structure points. So market structure points, we're just going to write this down, one thing at a time.
Market structure points are the elbows in the market. The turning points in the market. These
market structure points are where it's going to determine is bullish or bearish. So market
structure points are the elbows in the market. These are the turning points in the market,
and these market structure points are going to determine if the market is bullish or bearish.
If you properly read
every single one of these elbows, you're going to be able to tell if the market is bullish, right?
So I'm going to do a quick quiz on you guys right now, right? And I expect for you guys to get this
wrong. I don't expect for you to get this right, right? Just going to do this right here. Is this
market right here bullish or is it bearish? So we understand bullish equals up, bearish equals
down, right? So the market is heading up when it's bullish, the market is heading down when
it's bearish. Go ahead, pause this video and just take a wild guess, right? Cool. So I can almost
guarantee you, you're wrong. And even if you're right of the direction, whether this market is
up or whether this market is down, you probably don't know exactly why, right? For example,
let's say if I were to give you a very complex equation, right? Let's say I already give you
this plus...
This, for example. And then I give you multiple choice option. Oh, for example, let's say we
didn't know that, but let's say I just gave you a multiple choice option and I give you choice
number A or I give you choice number B, right? You only have two options and you happen to just
click on the right option and you're right. Now that doesn't mean you're right because you know
the solution or you know the way on how to solve the problem. You just happen to pick the right
one because it's really is a 50-50. Like it's pretty hard to get it wrong.
Really, the odds are split down the middle. So that doesn't mean that you know math. It doesn't
mean that you're good at it or that you should be advancing to the next point. That's exactly what
this is right here. Just because let's say you pick the right one because obviously there's
only two options. The odds of you getting it right or wrong is pretty fair. Let's say you do get it
right. You're probably not getting it right for the right reason. And that is the big problem with
traders. A lot of traders happen to just guess that the market is in the right trend, but they
are actually executing it wrongfully because they don't know how to solve the problem. So that's
where it's bullish or bearish based off of. Now, let me explain what I mean by that. And we're
going to leave this right here and we're going to come back to it. And I'm going to educate you
if we're going to find that if you were right or wrong. So once again, pause the video,
take a screenshot and just write it down. Bullish or bearish and then where? Why or where do you
think it is? And if you don't even know where you identify this market that it's bullish from,
then that even shows even more that you don't know anything just yet. But don't worry,
I'm going to teach you right now. It's very easy. So I'm going to educate you guys right
now on market structure.
Which is everything in the market right now. This market is bullish, right? This is a very
clear bullish market. Now, this market is bullish because it is consisted of higher highs and
higher lows or also known as HH or HL, right? Higher high is HH. HL is a higher low. So this
right here is the higher high, right? This is the highest point in the market.
And this is all based off of market structure. So if I double click this line, I go to text,
just going to put HH. So we've identified this as the higher low. Now, this right here is now
going to be the higher low. So this higher low point from this point right here is going to be
what took this from point A to point B. Right here, you were at second street. You had to turn
right, make it to first street. Now, in order for you to make it to first street, you had to make it to first street.
From second street, you have to go through first street and then you make it to third street
because obviously there was some trees here in the middle. There was a lake. There's a big building
here. You can't just go from second street straight to third street. You need to go around
the buildings and then you make it to third street. Cool, right? Pretty easy, pretty self-explanatory.
Now, this market is bullish because of this higher high and because
of this higher low. As long as we remain inside of this market structure, inside of this higher low
and this higher high, this market will remain bullish. This market is bullish no matter what,
as long as we are inside of this higher high and this higher low. The simplest way that I can put
it is this is going to be third street and this is going to be first street, right? We understand
that and this makes sense. So we're going to go from second street to third street. We're going to
middle point right here is second street, right? Very easy, very self-explanatory. As long as we
are inside of first street and as long as we are inside of third street, this market is inside of
first street and it's inside of third street, right? Pretty self-explanatory. It's almost like
obvious, right? Like, duh, Alex, no shit. Like, what are you talking about? Well, you'll be
surprised because some people would say that right now we are on fifth street. It's like, well,
how are we on fifth street if we haven't even broken through first or broken through third
street? Now, this doesn't make sense. Don't worry. It's all going to start clicking in just a second,
right? And I'm going to try and avoid the analogies too much back and forth so it doesn't
confuse you guys, but we will double down on them later into the video because it's all going to
connect perfectly, right? So we'll put this in the back burner for now, but all we know is as long
as the market is in between this higher high and this higher low, we are bullish. This right here
is a potential retracement into this area right here. And this is just a retracement. Now, once
we've had body candlestick closed above this previous higher high, this has now officially
broken above the higher high, meaning we need to modify our higher high. So the rules are very
simple. Once we body close above the higher high or the higher low, the market has shifted.
So once I mean for the body, don't worry for right now, we'll come back to that.
But once we have closed above the higher high or the higher low, the market has shifted and you
need to modify the higher high and the higher low. So once the market has broken above this higher
high, you have now shifted in the market and you need to modify this higher high and this higher
low. Cool. So where does the new higher high go? Where the higher high goes to the highest high
point, which is going to be right here.
And where does the higher low go? Does the higher low change? Yes. The higher low changes
every single time the higher low changes. So the higher low is going to go to this point
right here. Now, this is another side note. If we have a new higher high, we will always have
a new higher low. So if this market, once again, it creates this retracement right here
and it creates this break above.
If we have a new higher high, we will always have a new higher low. So if this market has created
this new higher high, it's very obvious. We will always have a new higher low. Cool. So the higher
low gets moved to this point right here. Now I like to use to identify the new higher low as just
the previous structure point. And I'm going to get to all that in just a second. But as long as
this market continues to move, we're going to have a new higher low. So if we have a new higher
low that continues to be inside of this higher high and this higher low, this market will remain
bullish, right? So for example, once we broke out to this area, this over here went to then
fourth street and this over here was at second street, right? Pretty self-explanatory. We broke
above fourth street and now we are at fifth street, right? So this is fifth street and this
over here is going to then be third street, right? So we are using
one street to get to the other street. So for now, let's remove this one because we're already
pretty far away from over here and we don't need to be aware of that. So right now we understand
that this is fifth street. This is third street. And as long as we are in between fifth and third
street, we are in between fifth and third street. This right here is just fourth street right in the
middle or we're at fifth or we're at third. We're at third and a half. We're at fourth and a half,
fourth and a quarter.
At no point are we ever at sixth street or second street. As long as, once again, as long as we are
inside of this higher high and inside of this higher low, we are bullish. I'm going to write
this down as well. As long as we are inside, we are bullish, right? Very easy, very, very
self-explanatory. Now, once we have body candlestick closed above, what happens? Once
we have closed above the higher high or the higher low, the market has shifted. You need to
modify the higher high. Okay, cool. So this turns into the new higher high. This will then be sixth
street. And then where does the higher low go? It goes to this point right here, which was the
last point, which is now fourth street, right? Pretty easy, right? We're just kind of following
the market. And we understand as long as we are inside of the higher high and higher low, we are
bullish. If we make a new higher high, we will always have a new higher low. We modify the higher
low. Very easy.
What if I told you, you see that? There's an alarm from a market that I'm currently trading
right now. And we're going to do this live here right now. We're just going to see how my market
is moving. So I'm actually in this position here in a major loss right now. So this is getting
super sidetracked here. And we'll go back to the market structure in just a second. But as I am
educating you guys live, I am also trading live. And this trade is into major drawdown right now.
Not looking good. Not looking good. And this other trade,
is looking good, but I need to wait for this next candlestick to close in the next 30 minutes.
So I will wait for that. So we'll come back to this PX 500 now. Little distraction there,
but it's okay. It's good, right? To show you guys how we're executing everything live, right?
So back into this area over here, right? Let's just move this a little bit more up.
We understand that as long as we are inside of these structure points,
we are going to be bullish. Now, the moment that this market structure breaks below this higher low,
guess what happens? Now, this market is no longer bullish. This market is now going to be
bearish. So we went from creating higher highs and higher lows to now lower highs and lower lows.
So this market went from being bullish to now being bearish.
So now that this market has broken below this higher low structure point, it means that this
market is now bearish. So once we break below the higher low structure point, this market is
now bearish. So this goes from actually being bullish, once it closes below the higher low,
we are now bearish. Now, bearish means we are selling. And a bearish market
is equivalent to lower low and lower high, or also known as LL or LH.
Now, they're both basically exactly the same. A higher high is the highest high, and a higher low
is a lower low that is higher than the previous low. When a market goes bearish, we have a
lower low. So this right here, we're turned into the lower low. And then the lower high is going
to be the low that is the last high, which is going to be this point right here.
Speaker 2 Now don't worry,
if this doesn't click right away, it's going to collect in just a second. Give us some time for
me to educate you guys into this. Believe me, what I am teaching you guys right now took me
months to understand that. Speaker 2
Speaker 3 This is how you're going to grow. Make sure you pay attention to this. If you need to
learn how to grow, there is a way you can learn how to grow and grow. This is called the power of an
And my goal is for you to understand in just one single video. And I'm going to do that to the best
of my ability, how I have been doing this for the last three years on educating people. So now that
we have a lower low and a lower high, this market is officially bearish. Now the same exact principle
applies right here. Once we have closed above the lower high or the lower low, the market has shifted
and you need to modify this into the lower low and the lower high. If we have a new lower low,
we will always have a new lower high. As long as we are inside of the lower high, the lower low
and the lower high, we are bearish. Once we break below the lower high, the structure point
is now bullish. Very easy. Everything is just changing the letters. So what does it mean?
Once we have closed below, so this is going to be below instead of above. Once we have closed below
the lower low, the market has shifted and you need to modify the lower low and the lower high.
If we have a new lower low, we will always have a new lower high. All right. We have a new lower
low. It's very obvious. It's the new lowest low. And then where is the lower high? Well,
the lower high is going to be the next lower high. And I'm going to teach you a way on how
to identify this market structure point. And I'm going to teach you a way on how to identify this
literally seamlessly. And it's going to be absolutely perfect in just one second. I just
want you guys to be able to understand the difference in between lower highs and lower
lows, higher highs and higher lows. So as long as we are inside of the lower high and the lower
low, we are bearish. Once we break below, once we break above the lower high structure point,
this market is now bullish. So for right now, as long as we remain inside of this lower high
and lower low, we're going to be bearish. So this is now going to be a lower low,
this is now going to be a lower high. This market can simply have a smaller retracement,
and then we have a new lower low. And then this point right here becomes the lower high, right?
The lower high is always going to get moved every single time we have a new lower low. Now,
let's say for whatever reason, this market decides to now do this. Well, once we break above the
lower high structure point, this market is now bullish. So this market right here goes from
being bearish to being bullish. So this market is now bullish. So this now gets shifted into a
higher high, and then this structure point over here gets shifted into a higher low. And this
market, once again, it can have its retracement into a point like this. And now we have a new
higher high. If we have a new higher high, we have a new higher low. If we have a retracement,
we have a new higher high, and then we have a new higher low, right?
This is how the market works. Same exact thing applies if we now do this. If we break this
structure point, guess what? We now have a new lower low. So this market now goes from being
bullish to being bearish. So this goes and turns into the lower high, and then this turns into the
lower low, right? As long as this market remains inside of this lower high and lower low,
we are now bearish, right? We have a new lower low, and we have a new lower high. Very easy,
very self-explanatory.
So this way you can see how the market goes from being bullish to then being bearish to being back
to bullish to now being back to bearish. The market is shifting constantly from bullish to
now bearish. But I want to teach you guys on a trick that I like to call the snake trick. And
this snake trick is a trick to identify the last structure point, which is going to equal
the higher low or lower high. Alex, what are you talking about, dude? You're talking Chinese to me.
I just met you right now. I'm already two, three hours into this video, and I still don't
understand anything. Don't worry. Trust me. This is all going to start slowly making sense,
right? So we have something that is called the snake trick, which is going to help you identify
the last structure point, which is equivalent to the higher low or the lower high. What does that
mean? Very easy. Let's say this,
is bearish, right? And we have this retracement to this point, right? This is this right here
considered a lower high? No, we can only have a lower high or a lower low once we have a new
higher high or lower low. So at this point right here, this market, we have yet to create a new
lower low. So we have not created a new lower low in this market. So we can only have a new,
new lower high once we have created a new lower low. So this market right here, this is the lower
high. This is the lower low. What is this point right here that is being created into the market?
What is this elbow? What is this stop sign? What is this red light, this turning point? What is
this right here? This is literally just curb in the road. This is literally just a market structure
point. This is literally nothing. It's brilliant. This is just another point in the market, but it's
not anything significant because it has not broken above the lower high or below the lower low. So we
can only have a lower high or lower low once we have broken above the higher high and lower high
or higher low. Once we have broken above the higher high or lower low, don't worry. It's all
going to start clicking right now. Let's say this market actually ends up indeed breaking below.
All right, cool. This market actually indeed breaks below. Guess what? Now we have
a
new lower low. So once we break the new lower low, if we have a new lower low,
we will always have a new lower high. So if this becomes the new lower low, we always have
a new lower high. So how do you identify this lower high? Well, you identify this lower high
with the snake trick. The snake trick is to be able to identify the last structure point,
which is either the higher low if bullish or the lower high if bearish. So we're going to get the
head of the snake right here. And once we get this head of the snake, we're going to start
moving backwards. And this snake moving backwards is going to leave a trail, right? So we start
catching the snake. I don't know if you guys know, but snakes pretty much just kind of move
like this, right? Snakes don't really move like this. If they're going to actually be moving
somewhere, they actually just move straight. They try and move very seamless. And if they
actually need to turn, then they will turn because there was something in their way or something was
in the middle that they had to now go this way. So let's say a snake is trying to go from this
point to this point over here. If there is a log in the middle, or if there's an object in the
middle, the snake will simply just go around it and then continue going. But this snake is leaving
a trail that obviously he had to go around something in order to get to the destination
where he was looking to go. The snake is leaving a trail of his footprint almost. It's like his
hometown or whatever trails snakes leave. So a snake in this market structure right here,
which is the snake trick, is you're following the trail of the market. And as soon as the snake has
to turn, that is going to be the lower high. Wherever the snake or the body turns, that shows
that there was something there. There was something in the way and that the market had to go ahead and
then turn. So the first turn of where the snake actually turns, that becomes the previous structure
that becomes the lower high. So this is a trick for you to identify the previous structure point if
you cannot properly understand how to place the lower high or the higher low. We're going to use
something that is called the snake trick. So once again, right now we are bearish. This is the lower
high. This is the lower low. Let's say that this market breaks above. Let's say this becomes now
bullish, right? This is now broken above the lower high. Now that we've broken above the lower high,
this becomes the
new higher high. So this higher high, once you have a new higher high, you mandatory need to
have a new higher low. So if we have a new higher high, we will always have a new higher low. You
guys should have this written down somewhere. So if we have a new higher high, where is the higher
low? Well, I get my trusty snake trick. And what I do is I create the head of the snake. And on the
head of the snake, I just start following the market back. And as soon as the market then turns,
that right there shows me that the snake turned. There was something in the way. Now this becomes
the higher low. Very easy, very, very self-explanatory, right? So this now becomes
the higher low. So we can only have a higher low once we have a new higher high. So let's say,
for example, this market does this retracement right here. And then we have this push to the
upside. Once, if we have a new higher high, we will always have a new higher low. Cool. The higher
high is always easy to put, but where is the higher low? Well, we're going to have a new higher low.
Is it at this point or is it at this point? I don't know. Let's bring out our trusty snake
trick. And our trusty snake trick, as soon as it first turns and it creates the first point,
boom, that right there is going to be the perfect higher low. And it's the exact area
where the market turned. So now this is going to be the higher low, right? Pretty easy,
pretty self-explanatory. Now let's say that this market does this right here. What is this right
here in the market? This right here in the market is technically nothing. This is just
simply a structure point. This has not broken above or below the higher low. So this is just
structure. This is just market doing its thing. This is just a stop. It's just a little curb in
the road. This is really nothing. Okay. What about this? That right there is nothing. The
market has not body candlestick close, and I'll get into the candlesticks in just a second,
but the bodies or the cut, the move, the price has not closed below the higher low or above
the higher high. Meaning this market right now at this point is still nothing because
we have not broken above this line right here or above this line right here. Cool, cool, cool.
What about that right there? Nothing. We have not body candlestick below this line. We have
not body candlestick closed above this line. What about now? Okay. We have now officially
broken below the higher low. So if you break below the higher low, this market will then turn
bearish. So price will go to the lowest low. Now, if we have a new lower low, we will always
have a new lower high. We can only have a lower high if we have a new lower low. So how do we
identify that lower high or lower low? Well, we're going to use our trusty snake trick to be able to
identify our previous structure point. So if this right here is the new lower low, we're going to
get the head of the snake, start working our way backwards. And as soon as the market has had a
turning point, boom, this turns into the lower high. The lower high is the last structure point
the market had a turning point from. So this right here is going to turn to the lower high.
Now, once again, as long as we are inside of this lower high and lower low, we're going to
remain bearish. And I'm going to repeat myself a lot because what is required here for you to
understand this market and for you to understand this new language is just repetition, repetition
and repetition. This is going to have a major move like this. Cool. We've broken below the
lower low. So this is now the new lower low. Where is the lower high? I don't know,
but I do have my trusty snake trick. So I'm going to get the head of the snake. We start
working our way backwards, start working our way backwards and turn. Now this right here becomes
the lower high. Understanding that that is now the lower high, the market can remain inside of
this lower high and this lower low, and we're going to remain bearish. This market can literally
do all the structure point that it wants. As long as we are inside of this lower high and lower low,
we are bearish.
Right? Pretty simple, pretty self-explanatory. Now let's say this market does this. Oh shit. Now
what? No problem. No big deal. The market has now broken above the lower high. So guess what?
We are now bullish. This becomes the higher high. And where is the higher low? Because
if we have a new higher high, we will always have a new higher low. Okay. So if we have a new higher
high, where is the higher low? I don't know. Let's bring out our trusty snake trick. It's
the head of the snake. So I'm going to get the head of the snake. I'm going to get the head of
the snake. We started just working our way back, working our way back and turning point. This right
here is the higher low. So our snake trick helps us identify where that higher low and where that
lower high is going to be placed into the market. So we have a clear understanding of where the
market is at this point right now. Now we use the line chart that we're using right now to be able
to very clearly identify this structure point. So right here, we are using the line chart to tell
if something is bullish or bearish. So we're going to get the head of the snake. We start just working
our way back here. So we know that this is the higher low and that this is the higher high. As
long as we remain inside of this right here, we are bullish. If we break above, once again,
this becomes the higher high. This becomes the higher low. And from this point right here,
we break below. This becomes the lower low. And then this becomes a lower high, right? Pretty
self-explanatory, just repeating the same thing in many different types of examples, right? Cool.
Now let's come back to this example right here, right? Is this market bullish or is this market
bearish, right? Let's,
let's find out if you are right about this trade. And if you were right, if you're right about the
correct points, right? Because if you have, I'm going to write this down as another note. If you
identify, once you identify the market being bullish or bearish, you need to place the higher
low, higher high, lower low. My computer gets a little bit slow. You need to place the higher
high, higher low, lower low, and lower high.
Once you identify the market being bullish or bearish, you can only identify that by being
bullish or bearish by placing the higher high point and the higher low point. If not, the market cannot
be bullish or bearish. So for examples purposes, let's begin from over here, right? This market at
this point, when we are identifying this market, let's make this all the way to the left. This is
the higher high. And then this over here is the higher low, right? Do you guys agree? This is the
higher high in this market and that this is the higher low, right? Very easy, very self-explanatory.
As long as we are inside of this higher high and higher low, we are bullish, right? So we start
moving a little bit more to the right and boom, we now body candlestick close below, or we just
candlestick close below. This turns into the lower low. Now, if we have a new lower low, we must have
a new lower high. So where's the lower high? I don't know. Let's bring out the trusty snake trick.
The head of the snake. We start working our way backwards. Boom. We turn it. That right there
is our lower high. Pretty easy, pretty self-explanatory. Cool. We keep working our way
down. This structure point right here, does that make us bullish or bearish? This point right here,
one second. At the time of us looking at this market like this, is that still bullish or bearish?
Bearish. Technically, this market is still bearish. This is still the lower high. This is still the
below this line, making this market still bearish. Cool. All right. What about now? We have
officially body candlestick close below this lower high. I mean, excuse me, this lower low. So this
becomes the new lower low. Where is the new lower high? I don't know. Bring out our trusty snake
trick. Start working our way backwards. This is the first turning point. Boom. That right there
is going to be the actual lower high. Beautiful. We now modify our lower high to that structure
right there. As long as we remain in between this lower high and lower low, we're going to be
bearish. Cool. This structure point right there, is that a new higher high? Is that a new higher low?
No, that is absolutely nothing. We have not. This is just another structure point. This is
not broken above or below the lower high and lower low. It's nothing. What about this? Is this a new
higher high? Is this a new higher low? No, we have not body candlestick closed above or below
the lower high and lower low. This market is still bearish, right? So let's keep this going.
Keep this going like this. What about that? We got very close. That means we have to be
bullish, right? Like we have to be bullish because it got that close to the actual lower high. Like
it's got to be bullish. No, if we have not body candlestick closed above and we have not structure
closed above or below, we are still bearish. What about now? That's like three touches. It has to
be. It's almost there. Like, come on. They just count it. Fuck it. Fuck it. No, if we have not
body closed above or below, we are not shifting structure. Very simple.
What about here? Exact same thing. We have absolutely nothing. This market structure
is currently still below this right here. So we are still bearish. We keep it going.
And guess what? If you called this market bullish, you were wrong. And if you called this
market bearish, you were probably also wrong because you did not know from where this market
structure was bearish. And this is the problem with 99% of traders. They cannot identify if
they are bullish or bearish depending on the market structure. They just simply don't know
how to read market structure. That is a simple fact. They are uneducated or they just don't care
to get educated and they don't know how to read market structure. It is very simple. You can see
a market that is trending like this, right? For example, and then you would probably think that
this market is bullish, right? Let's say right now, take a pause. Bullish or bearish? Go ahead.
Okay. It's bullish. Where's the higher high and where's the higher?
A rookie trader or somebody that thinks that they know how to trade like, yeah,
that's the highest high. And then, yeah, this is the higher low over here. Buddy,
you realize how many times this market has... Do you see how many other structure points?
It's like saying, it's like if you're calling this right here,
sixth street, and you're calling this right here, fifth street. Are you seeing how many times
in between here we have gone through so many different streets in order to get to this right
here? This is not even sixth street. This is like 10th street. People,
they're just confusing it because they don't know how to read market structure correctly.
People are just confusing the roads because they don't know how to read the signs. They don't know
their streets. That's why people use GPSs everywhere they go because they don't know
the roads. This right here, people don't know how to read market structure, but there's no GPSs
to read market structure. So they get these bullshit indicators for them to actually read
market structure, thinking that that's the hack or the way to do it. This market right here,
what if I told you is actually bearish and it's bearish based off of something extremely obvious,
right?
We'll just do it one more time, right? We have this right here, B for example. This is the higher
high. This is the higher low. As long as we remain inside of these two structure points,
we are bullish. Boom. We have body candlestick closed above. This turns into the higher high.
We get our trusty snake trick, start working our way back. This is the turning point. This
is the higher low. Let's continue going in this markets. We are still bullish because this market
is yet to break above or below the structure point. So this right here is absolutely,
nothing. We are still very much bullish. Okay. We continue to go. What about this point right
here? Same exact thing. It's still between the higher high and between the higher low. So we
are still bullish. What about now? Still bullish. This is still the higher high. This is still the
higher low. We have not body candlestick closed above or below. What about now? We body candlestick
closed above. Cool. That becomes now the higher high. Where is the higher low? I don't know.
I don't know.
The snake trick. I start working my way backwards. The first turning point that is now going to be
the higher low. That right there is going to now be moved to my higher low. So this would be my
higher low at this point right here. We keep moving to the right and then we have boom, a little bit
of a break above. This is officially broken above the higher high. That's the new higher high. Where's
the higher low? I don't know. This is the head of the snake. We then turn. Then this is officially
going to be the higher low structure point in this market. We turn this into the higher low. And if we
continue going to this market, we body candlestick or structure point closed below. That small break
right there counts. Yes, indeed. This turns into the lower low. Where is the lower high? I don't
know. I get the head of the snake. I then start working my way backwards. First turn that is going
to be the lower high point at this point right here. So now this market is bearish because that
is the lower high and that is the lower low. This right here has not body candlestick close above this
point. So now we are still technically bearish. That right there is what 99% of traders cannot do
correctly. And I wish I could just educate people on just that. I don't want to teach everybody my
strategy. I don't want everybody to have my strategy. I really don't. I could give a shit. I
just want people to learn how to read the market. I feel as if people were just to be able to
bullish or bearish in the first hand, then they would be able to actually be able to make a logical
trade decision. Because right here, let's say you don't know how to identify if this market is
bullish or bearish. You would see this market heading up. You're like, yep, buy. You're
actually buying at the worst point because this market has just shifted bearish. This is having
the retracements to then literally create the perfect lower low leg to the downside. This has
hit the top of a trend. You've had a reversal pattern right here. This is the left head,
right shoulder of this market is creating the perfect reversal pattern, retesting the neckline,
and then we're selling. But you can't even tell the difference in between if it's bullish or
bearish. And that's why you're losing. You're not losing because you don't have a strategy.
You're just losing because you don't know how to read the market. Not knowing how to read the
market, not having a strategy is already bad. But not knowing how to read the market and not
having a strategy is just a combination for the worst possible outcome ever. And that's what I
want to educate people on first. It's like learn how to read the market, and then you can think
about how you can actually execute a strategy. Learn on how to read the streets. Learn how to
read the stop sign, the red lights, the green lights, the turning signals, the highways.
Then you can think about speeding and getting to paces fast. But you can't speed and drift and
haul ass to places if you don't know where you're going and you don't know the roads.
You can't buy or sell a market if you don't know the difference between if it's going up or if it's
going down. This right here is going to be the core foundation.
Of everything else that I want to teach you. So I really, really, really, really, really,
really, really want to break this down to the T and get you guys to understand everything to
perfection. Because once you understand this, you get everything else, right? So what I've
just taught you right now is how to identify if something is bullish or if something is bearish
based off of the line chart, right? Now, let's say right now I'm going to grab this market right
here, right? So for example, we're going to go to the most recent price, right? This is SPX 500,
right now in the live market, right? So we're going to switch from the candlestick chart to then
the line chart. Now, if you were to go ahead and tell me if this market right here is bullish or
is this market bearish, it would almost be extremely obvious, right? Because based off
everything that I have pretty much just showed you, you would be able to identify that this
market is obviously bullish, right? You can tell that this market right here, this is going to be
at this point right here, right? You can tell that this market is bullish. You can tell that this
market, if we were looking at it from over here, for example, you can tell that this was the higher
high. This was the higher low. We body candlestick closed above this line right here. This becomes
the higher high, whereas the higher low, you get the head of the snake. And then this head of the
snake, you start working it backwards. And then at the turning point, that is going to be the higher
low, right? Very easy. I've taught you.
I've taught you all this up to this point right now. You know that this is going to be the higher
low from this point right here. Cool. If we body candlestick closed below it, we'll go bearish. So
this then becomes the lower low. And then this right here becomes then the lower high. If we
body candlestick above this, we then go bullish. That right there did not body candlestick. We'd
have to go check if the bodies did, and I'll explain all that in just a second. But based
off of the market structure, guess what? We did not break above that point, so we still remained
bearish.
Continue to go. And then now we have officially broken above this structure point over here. So
this became the higher high. And then where was the higher low? I don't know. I get my trusty
snake trick, start working my way down, and boom. This is a significant point where the market
actually reversed. So then this right here is actually going to become the higher low. We break
above, and then we have higher high and higher low. Very clean, very obvious, very straight to
the point.
This right here is a very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very,
very, very, very, very obvious market determining whether it's bullish or if this market is
bearish. Wow, I have just hit stop loss on my trade. I'm just looking at it here right now live.
Great. I just hit stop loss. Let me make sure. One second. Yep, I just hit stop loss. I lost
right now $153,000. Could have definitely been worse. Could have definitely been worse. I just
took a trade that's not worth it. I just took a trade that's not worth it. I just took a trade that's not worth it.
simply made absolutely no sense. And this trade right here that I was seeing, I was going to wait
for the candlestick to close. Guess what happened? That's what happened. So you're just seeing this
happen in real time. The market moves very fast and I'm focused on educating you guys right now.
It is what it is. I missed out on this trade, but just perfect example of the market moving
to perfection right here. So this right here had my stop loss. I took this trade against the trend
and I'll explain all this to you guys later. This trade, I would have taken this loss and this trade,
I missed out on this one. It is what it is. It is part of the game. But for example, if we were to
go ahead and go to a different market, for example, let's say we were, and by the way, just to show
you guys, I am not lying. So GBPC, USDCHF, this market right here, let me go back over here. I
literally just took this loss right now. I took this loss right now for $153,000.
You guys can see right there for yourselves, $153,000. Now I should have not taken this trade
in the first place. It was a very high risk trade, but I personally accepted it. And I even recorded
me taking that trade live and I'll put the channel, my other channel, probably somewhere in
the link below where I break these trades down live and why I'm interested in taking it and so
on and so forth. But yeah, this just happens to be a very degenerate trade, right? So for example,
let's say we're looking at this market right here and we're looking,
based off of the line chart, the exact same trade that I have taken. What can you tell based off of
this market right here? Well, you can obviously tell that this market is bearish, right? This
market at one point, this was the lower high over here. This market was, this was the lower low.
We broke below. So this makes this the new lower low. And then if we were to do our trusty snake
trick, this would be the head of our snake. And if we start working our way backwards,
this would be the first turning point right here. This would be the lower high.
So this market would have gone from bearish to then bearish, right? This would be the new lower
low. This would then be the new lower high at this structure point, right? So we can tell that this
would be bearish on this timeframe. If we go down to the four hour, on the four hour, we can tell
pretty much the same thing that this is the lower low. And if we start doing the little trusty move
for me personally, if I were to be a snake, this right here is just another little bump on the
road. This is just a little bump in the road, but this right here is a very significant turn.
There was probably something very,
very sharp, very important there. So I would put the lower high at that structure point right
there. You always want to place your lower high and your lower low at the points where there's
a significant move, just like this one. Something that is very obvious that the market had a
reaction from, from like this, from this, to this, to this, to this, to this. These smaller points
right here aren't really as significant as structure points for me. Neither are these very
small ones. It needs to be a very sharp, clean turning point. That is what's going to be
considered a valid structure point. Now we, for now, we're going to be using the line chart to
identify these very sharp structure points, but we are going to be moving to the candlesticks soon.
Now moving on to the next subject, which is the actual candlestick trading. It is actually
very easy, right? Because a lot of traders, sometimes they get confused and what they
end up doing is that they pretty much come here into the market. And they'll be confused if this
is a higher low, if this is a higher high, this is a higher low, if this is a higher high. And
what if I told you that?
It's just extremely easy for you to be able to identify if something is bullish or bearish. Just
go to the line chart back into exactly what I was just educating you guys on and just do the exact
same thing that I was showing you right now to this point. Let's say we start breaking it down
from this point right here, for example, right? We're going to use the bar replay and we're going
to go back. This market right here, why would you get lost in identifying if all this over here is
bullish or bearish when you can really just work from this structure point right here? You can tell
from this structure point right here is obviously the highest high in this market. So we're going to
count this as what it is, the highest high. Now if we were to get the head of our snake trick,
let me start working our way down, working our way down. Boom, this market has indeed reversed
from this point right now. This is the first turn. So then this will turn into the higher high,
and then this will turn into the higher low. Now this market turning into the higher low confirms
that as long as we are inside of this higher high and higher low this market will remain bullish
pretty easy pretty self-explanatory all we have to do now is go back to the candlestick chart
and would you look at that we have our higher low placed perfectly at our higher low and placed
perfectly at this higher high all we really have to do here is just adjust it slightly and put it
to the bodies of the candlesticks when it comes to identifying market structure on the actual
candlestick chart it really is no different than the line chart you just want to make sure that you
are doing it based off of the bodies of the candlesticks do not take the wicks into account
remember the wicks are the trail of where the market has been but it's not the actual structure
of where the market has been you want to make sure you are going based off of the structure
so a little bit of a of a hack if you would in order for you to have a bit more clarity
on this if it's your first time identifying market structure it's better if you're
doing it with the actual candlesticks and not the wicks so double click on the charts and once
you double click on the charts go to style make sure you have all of these un unchecked and then
make sure you go to the no gap candlesticks go to the settings of the no gap candlesticks and then
on the wicks just put into the color of your background and my background is white and if
you notice if i were to do that i no longer have wicks i'm only looking at the market structure
and i'm looking at what it is the market structure i'm looking for it based off of every single
elbow point so if i'm basing this structure it's very easy for me to play structure
structure throughout all of here it's very easy for me to identify this structure
exactly how the line chart would do it so i want to first practice on the line chart so first i can
identify all of these structure points here as clear as i can and then after i identify all
these structure points i didn't want to be able to just go ahead and do it on
the candlestick chart for my own without actually using the line chart so here for example we have
this as the higher high we have this as the higher low as long as we are in between we are still
bullish now what has happened here we have now body candlestick closed above that is now the
confirmed higher high where is the confirmed higher low i don't know we place the head of
the snake we start coming backwards and boom we turn that right there is indeed going to be the
higher low we just get the higher low we move it up and as of right now that's the higher high the
higher high can obviously move so this higher high if it continued to move a little bit more up and
that's the higher high what gives us the indication that that high push is done is once we actually
start to have some type of retracement a candlestick like this that starts to have a
pullback
that pullback is what creates that elbow it's what creates that structure point which creates that
stop sign that turning point this candlestick is what leads us to understand that this push has
somewhat stopped and now this can potentially start coming back into a pullback whether it's
going to continue going to the upside or go bearish but this candlestick confirms that that
body structure right there is indeed the higher high and obviously a continuation push after that
would just confirm that
so as of right now we know that this is the higher low to this structure point and we know
that this is the higher high this market is very much bullish if we go back out to the line chart
for just some verification we can tell that this is the higher low and that's the higher high very
clean very obvious there's no ifs ands or buts right as long as we are above this higher low we
are bullish now let's say something like that would happen something like that is now confirming that
we have
candlestick closed below the higher low, and now we are bearish. So as soon as this singular
candlestick right here, body candlestick closed below this structure point, we are bearish.
So I know I kind of sneaked it in there and I said it a lot throughout the whole entire
part of us speaking about market structure, but this market could have been creating a wick.
This market could have wicked into this side and let's say, for example, right now we are on the
four-hour timeframe, right? It's the four-hour timeframe. There's still two hours left in this
candlestick and this candlestick is below this higher low, right? It hasn't closed below. It is
below this higher low and there's still two hours left for this candlestick to close. Is that a
bearish confirmation? No, because that candlestick has not closed. In those two hours, for all we
know, this candlestick can come back up and then close above this higher low.
And it was just creating a wick and then this thing continues to have the push to the upside.
You only take the trade, or excuse me, you only confirm that this market is bearish once we have
body candlestick closed below. After, let's say we are here for two hours left to the candlestick
and then the remaining two hours, it just consolidates here and it closes below. Now we
have a confirmed shift of structure. This market is no longer bullish.
It is only confirmed shifting structure once this candlestick has closed below. So then this would
turn into the lower low. And then let's go backwards. Let's pretend we don't know where
the lower high is. This is the head of the snake. Start working our way backwards. This is the turn.
Boom. That right there is the lower high. So we know that this is the lower high and we know that
that down there is the lower low. Now this lower low can continue to go down until who knows when.
We don't know until that lower low is going to stop. But we know that lower low will stop once we
start to have a retracement. When we start to have some type of a pullback, that is our first
indication that now we are stopping. So this move has stopped and now we can potentially create a
new lower high to then create a new lower low. But as of right now, this is not the confirmed
lower low. This is just the current lower low. This is the lowest point in this move. We only
should be writing all of this down and you guys can go back if needed. But you only get a
confirmation once the candlestick has actually closed. And as of right now, this candlestick
has closed, but it hasn't stopped. So you only get the confirmation once this candlestick has
stopped. And as of right now, for all we know, this next candlestick can keep going down or it
could stop and start to have a retracement. So let's see what happens. So the next candlestick
that we get from this market is going to be a reversal. Okay, cool. So this candlestick having
this retracement to the upside, let us know that this candlestick has officially stopped here. So
now we know that this is the confirmed lower high and that this is the confirmed lower low. The next
candlestick can pretty much do something like this. And then guess what? This will now be the
new lower low. And then this will now be the new lower high. And you can see this very clearly in
the market structure area. Market structure area, if you guys were to see it, you can see that this
is the lower high. This is the lower low. And this is now
potentially having a reversal to continue going down. We know that as long as we are inside of
this lower high and this lower low, we are bearish. And by the way, I just switched over to this
camera because my other camera just ran out of battery, right? But let's continue to go with
this example, right? So now we know that this is the lower high. We know that this is the confirmed
lower low and that this market is indeed bearish. As long as we remain inside of this lower high
and this lower low, we are then bearish. Cool. So right now this market can do exactly right,
could do exactly what it's doing.
Right now, has this closed below? No. So that is not indeed the bearish move. As you can tell,
took me way too long to pause it. But as you can tell, this candlestick indeed did break below that
structure point. So then that will go as the lower low. And if we were to then go ahead and
do our trusty snake trick, this is the head of the snake. This is where the snake has to then turn.
That will then be the lower high right then at that structure point. Then as you can tell,
we body candlestick closed below. Once again, this turns into,
becoming the lower low. And then if we were to do the trusty snake trick, this becomes the lower
high once again. And then we body candlestick close above. This right here becomes the higher high.
And then if we were to do our trusty snake trick, head, the market turns, then that right there
will turn into the actual higher low. Now all that right there shifted from bearish to bullish
to bearish to bullish in just 12 hours, because we are currently on the four hour timeframe.
Now you guys can see if we were to go to the line chart, for example, you can see how this created
lower high, lower low, lower high, lower low, and then we shifted bullish.
So right now that this market has shifted bullish, we can simply wait for a retracement to then buy,
but we don't know if this move has stopped. We don't know if this is the ultimate higher high
or not. So let's see what this market brings. So right now it's showing some type of a
retracement. So this is the confirmed higher high. And now right here, we're having a retracement,
and this can be the perfect higher low to then create a new higher high. So this market is yet
to break above this higher high. And until that candlestick is not closed, it is not a confirmed
closure above the higher high. If you notice that minor candlestick closing above the higher high,
guess what? Gave it that confirmation push to the upside. Now that is the confirmed higher high.
Now, where is the higher low? Is the higher low at this point right here,
or is it at this point right here? Now, just for examples purposes,
since you guys watching this are beginners, the easiest way to do this is just go to the line chart,
and then check where is the structure point. If this is the head of the snake, start working our
way back. This is the reversal point. That right there is going to be the higher low point. So very
clean for you to identify that reversal point, and you'll be able to tell where the higher low
is. So all you have to do is come, place that as your higher low, and that is your higher high,
and that is it. Now you understand that this market is now bullish. Now that this market is
bullish, you can identify this as the higher high, and let's see if we can predict when it can
be bullish. So right now, there you go. It's showing some sign of a pullback. So this is so
far the confirmed higher high, because if this next candlestick has a push to the upside, then
that would then be the new higher high, and then new higher low. So for right now, this market just
seems to be consolidating just a little bit. Shortly after that, this market, after having
this retracement, did exactly as I just said. Had this retracement, then it comes to the upside,
it breaks above. This is the higher high. This becomes the higher low, and after this becomes
the higher low, the market is chasing or continue pushing with price, and this was the higher high,
but then no pullback. Now as of right now, this right now, where this market is at this very
moment, is the ultimate and the newest highest high. And this candlestick at this very moment
has one hour and 22 minutes before closing. So as you can tell, I'm literally placing it right
at the live price right now. So this market is currently bullish. That is the highest high.
That is the higher low. So if I were just to bring back the wicks really fast, we can see
that the highest high of the market has been, and as you can tell, this market has been all the way
up to this point over here. This was the highest high at one point. This whole entire candlestick
was full like this at one point, making that the higher high. But right now, we cannot confirm this
higher high and where it is until this candlestick does not close in the next hour and 20 minutes.
This next hour and 20 minutes is going to be used to identify where this higher high
closes. So right now, we're just moving this up and down until the market finishes closing it.
Once that market finished closing it, we could identify it to that point and the market can
either do two things, start to have a retracement or continue pushing to the upside. If it continues
pushing to the upside, all we have to do is just keep moving that higher high with it.
Very similar to how I did with this candlestick, because once upon a time,
this was the higher high at this point right here. And then after that higher high,
the next candlestick after that just simply closed as another
bullish candle. And if it closes another bullish candle, you just move the higher high to that
point, so on and so forth to the point where we are now. So right now, this market is bullish.
That is the higher high, and then this is the higher low. Now, this is the simplest way to
identify market structure. You can literally identify this on any market. And a lot of people
make the mistake of not properly identifying structure correctly, and they just simply
don't know how to do it. For example, we can go to USDCHF.
And this market right here on USDCHF is pretty much very clear, to the point where you don't
even have to go to the actual line chart. You can tell that the lowest point that this market
has ever been is this market right here. But if this market, you would call it bullish,
just say yes. Or if you would call it bearish, just say no. What would you call this market
right here? Bullish or bearish? I'll let you take a second and decide. Go ahead and pause for the
video. Okay? So you probably either
made a mistake or almost made a mistake on this market. This market, arguably speaking,
depending on who you are talking to, would technically be bullish as of right now.
You might be asking, Alex, how? This market is clearly going to the downside. This is clearly
all the way at the lowest point it's ever been. It has to be bearish. No, not necessarily.
This right here is technically, could be considered the lower high. And then this
right here could technically be the lower low at this point.
So this market is technically bearish, yes, but it's not bearish because of the lowest point
that it's ever been. It's bearish because of this lower high and this lower low. Now,
if I were to look at this quickly on the line chart, you can see how this would actually be
the lower high structure point. And then this would be the lower low structure point. At no
point would I possibly call that an actual structure point because the snake, if we were
to just do the snake trick once again, the snake would just simply pass right on by
there, no big deal. And then over here, it would actually run into some more structure points.
So this market is actually bearish because of that lower high and that lower low,
not because of the current price that is happening right now.
Now, if this market indeed does close where it is now in the next five hours and 17 minutes,
then yes, then this would become the new lower low. And then we just simply go back to the line
chart. And then we would be able to identify that the lower high would then be
at this structure point right here. Very clean, very easy, very straight.
But a lot of traders make the mistake that they overlook a lot of market structure and they only
focus on one thing. And they're just looking at this right here, right? Some traders, they get
way too zoomed into the market. And when they go analyze or do a full top down analysis, they're
just looking at the market like this. They're looking at the market for this move right here.
And they're looking at the market for just this move right here. Like guys, you got to understand
you need to take a step back. You need to look at the market for what's going on. Now, some other
traders make some very big mistakes also. And they do this when they go analyze the market.
They're like, yep, this market is bearish. Yep. You see how it's been going down for the last
five years? It's like, yeah, but you need to understand where the market is right now. The
market is all the way down here. Why are you looking at price all the way up here when it
was here in 2022? That's three years ago. We are very far away from that. We want to trade
the market today. So we want to make sure we can zoom in a healthy amount to where we are right
now, to where we can actually center the charts right in the middle. I don't know why, but I've
seen whenever I get on calls with my students and I review the trades, I literally see that
they're analyzing the markets like this. And they're far away from the screen. I'm like,
dude, are you scared of the market? What's going on? Or they look at the market like this,
or they're looking at it like this, just barely looking. It's like, bro,
you need to get the market. You need to control it and put it in the middle. You need to focus
on what's going on right in front of you. Because if you can't see what you're trading, how are you
going to trade? You literally need to be looking at it. And if you're having the market like this,
too skinny or way too flat, how are you going to be able to identify if you're ready to buy or
sell? You need to be able to actually look at the market for what's going on and centering it right
in front of you. And that also goes hand in hand when placing these structure points correctly. A
lot of people will just overlook these things and they won't realize that this market is actually
bearish. And I cannot count how many times I have seen a market like this one where five hours will
still be in this candlestick.
Speaker 1
the closure. And in those five hours, this market will then do this and closes a bullish candle.
And then everybody counted a bearish wrongfully. Yes, you are right that it's bearish, but you're
wrong from where it is bearish. And then from wherever you're wrong from it's bearish, that's
going to determine where you're going to be interested in selling or buying. And that is
crucial to actually having the perfect entry for your trade, which we're going to be getting to
out of that later into this video. I just want you guys to have a very clear understanding that
there is so many different potential examples and scenarios that could be happening on these markets.
Speaker 1
For example, let's say we go to GBPCHF. GBPCHF, for example, if we were to be looking at it on
this timeframe, because again, remember every single timeframe, the market structure is going
to be different. The market structure on the four hour will not be same as the daily,
and the daily will not be same as the weekly. Every single market structure is going to be
different. Would you call this market right here bullish or bearish? Go ahead. Take a second,
pause the video, test yourself. Okay, perfect. This market structure very, very easily. We can
go and hop over to the line chart, and the line chart, you're going to be able to identify that
this market structure point right over here is the lower high, and that this market structure point
over here is the lower low. Lower high, lower low, as you can tell, this market is yet to break
above or below that lower high or lower low, even to this point right here. And this, keep in mind,
we are on the weekly timeframe, meaning every single one of these candlesticks is a whole entire
week. For us to make one of these candlesticks, it takes five trading days, which is a very long
time. So the weekly timeframe, for example, is bearish. So this would be the weekly lower high,
and this would be the weekly lower low. Pretty easy, pretty self-explanatory.
Let's go look at the daily, for example. The daily timeframe, we take a step back as well,
and we can see everything that's going on. We can see our weekly lower high and lower low,
but on the daily timeframe, if we were to identify this for the daily structure,
you can see how the daily actually goes lower low.
Lower high, lower low, and then we end up shifting bullish. So we know that we can look for
more recent price action to determine if something is bullish or bearish. We don't really have to
look at the weekly structure point, because we know that the weekly structure point is the weekly
structure point. And within that weekly structure point, the daily timeframe went bearish and had an
additional structure point, and then we went bullish. So for the daily, I would zoom into
pretty much a price action like this. And then within this price action, I can very clearly
identify that this market was at one point creating very clean lower high, lower low.
We pretty much broke through all this over here. Then at this point down over here, we created a
lower low, and then this was the lower high. So I'm talking about this example right here,
this lower high, this lower low. Obviously this market, then we broke above this structure point
right there. So at this point, we are very, very much bearish. We broke above that structure point,
making it now bullish. So we're looking at the daily timeframe, so we're looking at the daily
timeframe, so we're looking at it on the candlestick timeframe. We can see how it is
bullish. We can pretty much see how that timeframe stopped. And if you notice, look how precise
it is when I'm telling you guys that it is based off of the body candlestick closing below the
line. If you notice this broke above this structure point right here, it breaking above
this structure point made it bullish. So now this turns into the higher high, making this the higher
high, then turns this into the higher low, because if we do our trusty snake trick, this is the point
the market has a turn. And if for whatever reason you can't see it that clean, it's totally fine
because you can go back out to the line chart. And on the line chart, you can see that that's
the higher high, that's the higher low. And then we want to make sure that we can squeeze
price to the bodies of the candlesticks. And if you notice, guess what happens? Price comes
all the way back down to this higher low, because again, this is bullish as long as
we don't break below this line. And then price never body candlestick closes below that higher
low. And then guess what happens? We then have a massive push to the upside. Look how precise
placing these higher highs and higher lows is and the importance of it. You want to make sure that
you can place this at an area that it is very clear and very obvious. Once again, you could
go back out to the line chart and you can verify higher low, higher high. We have now body candlestick
obviously above this area. So we can go out to the daily timeframe and place it on the body.
This right here is a very clean higher high.
Now I would argue that I would not count this as a higher low. This right here is something that I
can see the head of the snake is simply kind of just going right past by. I see this as a much
more significant turning point than that one. And the best way for me to confirm it is if I go out
to the actual candlestick chart, which is what we're going to be trading. And I don't see any
possible candlesticks creating an elbow. It's not something clean. Like it's not something,
for example,
like this, that it actually creates a structure point here, creates a structure point. Like
there's something here just looks like it's one whole move to the upside. So not only does the
actual line chart structure not look clear, but when I go out to the candlestick chart,
I also confirm that it's not clear. So for me, I would then make the higher low,
this structure point right here, making this the higher high and making this the higher low.
Now keep in mind, this is not the confirmed higher high from this market because this market
could simply continue going to the upside. We don't know. But as of right now,
that is the higher high and this is the higher low. So let's see what happens next. My point
exactly. So now this is the new higher high. And if you notice, there's no difference in
the higher low structure point on this timeframe. There's just still a whole entire move to the
upside. The move just keeps going up and now it looks like we are stopping. So this looks
like we are at the confirmed higher high. Now having this confirmed higher high is
so important because you're going to be able to actually be ready to either enter a trade,
or set up the perfect trade to enter. I'm telling you, as soon as you understand this market
structure, you understand everything. I'm going to be able to teach you how to actually use the
inverted head and shoulders, the head and shoulders, entry timeframe confirmation,
shift of structure. I'm just going to teach you how to do everything once you understand this.
This is like me teaching you the ABCs to a language. As soon as you get the ABCs,
you can basically put it all together and then you're going to actually be able to go ahead
and speak on it. But first you need to learn the alphabet. So this right here,
as you can tell, the market has actually shown a sign of stopping and this market
looks like it's ready to start having some type of retracement before it continued going to the
upside. So that's what I thought. But then guess what? The market just simply created another high
or low and kept going to the upside. Does it look clean on the actual candlestick chart?
You can just use the line chart to be able to identify. We have body candlestick closed above.
Let's make sure of that first before anything. And yes, we did body candlestick close above.
This higher high. So now this is the new higher high. I go back out to the line chart and on the
line chart, this now turns into the higher low, meaning we're still very much bullish
on the daily timeframe. Now the daily timeframe, guess what ends up happening?
We end up actually having a break below that higher low.
Okay. What happens once we break that higher low? First of all, let's just go out to the line chart
just to confirm. So now on the line chart, we're going to make this the new lower low,
we are going to make this the lower high. Very clean, very simple. Now the daily timeframe is
bearish quote unquote. And if we were to just continue following price action, this right now,
as of right now is the confirmed lower low, but it is not fully confirmed yet because we don't
know if this has stopped. We need to make sure and figure out where it's going to stop. So if we
keep it going, perfect price is very much stopped there. So that is the confirmed lower low. We can
as you can tell lower high lower low once again i would not count that as the structure point i feel
like the snake would pass right by there exactly how it did here and if we were to look at it on
the candlestick chart i don't see any elbows being created so right now we have lower high we have
lower low and this trade as of right now has not body candlestick closed below no body candlestick
closure no confirmation and now that we have a body candlestick closure below we can then confirm
that this is actually indeed a proper lower low structure point so i would go ahead and then
count this as the lower low you don't know where to place the lower high go to the line chart and
find the cleanest structure point so if i were to make this the head of the snake start working my
way back i would not count that one as the cleanest structure point i would count this one as the
cleanest structure point and that cleanest structure point is what's going to lead me to
then make the lower high right at this area right here now these
potential examples are literally never ending these things are just the market creates so many
different unique types of structure points that it's a never-ending different scenario there's
never always a perfect exact black or white structure point and i want you guys to understand
that because that is so important to having that mindset when it comes to trading the market i wish
i would have known that when i came into the market i always tried to perfect and get the
precise exact structure point every single time and the truth of the matter is that the market
doesn't move perfect it's going to move however it wants
and sometimes it moving however it wants it doesn't make things extremely clear for you to
actually be able to identify as a lower high or lower low or higher high and higher low you have
to make it make sense and if it makes sense it makes sense if it doesn't it doesn't but there's
never going to be like a proper black or white textbook that's going to tell you yup that's
exactly how it is exactly what i'm teaching you right now is as close as it's going to get
everything is just based off of where it's the cleanest and where it makes the most sense because
every single move is so different and that is this is a perfect example on how
you're going to be able to identify where you're going to be placing that as the lower high at the
area where it makes sense price had a pull back to that area did not have a body candlestick closure
above and then guess what we had a massive push to the downside this is what i'm saying everything
is just textbook you need to follow it as close to it as you can and the patience is the most
important thing next this is obviously going to break below this is the lower low and then i can
almost guarantee you that the lower high will be right at that structure point right there once
again you go back to the line chart and then you can identify that that right there is the
the lower high that right there is the lower low if we just continue following price this market
right now is bearish as long as we are inside of this move right here and then let's see what
happens next as you can tell we come all the way back up very near that lower high we do not body
candlestick close above it and guess what happens beautiful sales to the downside like this is just
so easy because it's so predictable because you know exactly where the market is so this turns
into the lower high this turns into the lower low if we go ahead and look back into the line chart
it's very obvious where it's at for right now this is not the confirmed lower low because we
don't know if that's where it stops and then that is exactly where it stops right now we're having
a retracement as long as we remain inside of the lower high and lower low we are bearish and then
would you look at that this market as of right now did not break above the lower high lower low
and you could have caught a beautiful sell inside of this bearish move right here i'm just showing
you guys how easy it is to identify if something is bullish or if something is bearish and this
right here it is very obvious that that is the lower high and that this is the lower low based
off of this structure point on how i am teaching you guys right now so you use the line chart to
determine if something is bullish or bearish and then when you come to the candlestick charts all
you simply do is just adjust it and make it to the bodies so you have a clear understanding of
where it is this right here is how you identify if something is bullish or bearish and how market
structure works i cannot stress on how much i wish i knew how this is this is how things work
because this would have made my life so much easier and i would have saved so much time on
trying to figure out different ways on how to identify if something is properly bullish or
if something is properly bearish but right now you can just tell that the weekly time frame is
bearish so this is the weekly lower high lower low that is what the daily lower high and lower
low looks like on the weekly the daily time frame this is the lower high and lower low
and this is the daily lower high and lower low and this is the daily lower high and lower low
and this is the daily lower high and lower low and this is the daily lower high and lower low and this is the
this is what the actual weekly lower high and lower low looks like on the daily and now if we
go to the four hour time frame on the four hour time frame we can do the exact same thing that
we have just done right now go out to the line chart and on the line chart you can identify that
this four hour time frame is also very much bearish this is a lower high and then this is the
lower low you can follow all the structure lower high lower low higher high higher low
higher high higher low we break the structure and now we are bearish so this is the four hour
lower high and as of right now this is the four hour lower low so if you ask me a question and
you know you have the weekly time frame bearish the daily time frame bearish and then the four
hour time frame bearish doesn't it make sense to sell of course that's how you can kind of just
start building a picture and then everything else just starts coming into play so without you
even knowing what you're doing you're just going to start building a picture and then everything
even realizing we have just done a top-down analysis we've gone from the top down we've
gone from the weekly time frame down and that's how simple it is but for right now i just want
to educate you guys exactly on how market structure works we're going to be using the
line charts to understand if market structure is bullish or bearish and then after we go to the
candlestick chart and on the candlestick chart we just place it to the bodies and the most important
rule is that you make sure that you place these lower highs and lower low lines or if you're
going to be using a bullish market that you are actually placing these higher highs and higher
low points you want to make sure that you actually place these lines so you know exactly where your
higher lows and higher highs are so you aren't mistaken from where the market is bullish or
bearish from to scale your line simply come here place higher high and then place the higher low
at the point wherever the higher low is this way you have a clear understanding of where the market
is this way you're actually having a
perfect base to build your trade off of before you enter the trade and you know exactly the type of
trade that you're entering before you even enter it this market right here arguably is going to be
bullish so as you can tell this is the lower high this is the lower low this is the lower high this
is the lower low now this is the higher high and this is the higher low this right here is the
weekly higher low at this point right here and then right now we are currently in the works of
creating that weekly higher high it's very simple very straightforward
this right here is how you read market structure in the markets everything is based off of the
elbows everything is to this market structure you do it on the line chart it reflects on the candlesticks
and the only difference in between one of the other is that the other one is just straight lines
and this one is straight candlesticks we want to make sure that we can focus on the bodies of the
candlesticks and not the wicks the wicks are just a trail we use that for the entries that is not
any use literally all the way into the end the wicks are pretty much the last thing that we use
but right now you want to make sure that you can just read the market structure and be able to
identify something that's bullish or bearish based off of that structure that being said that is the
candlestick charts and the line charts all right so at this point into the video we are obviously
very deep into what trading is how trading works and truthfully the very very simple concepts on
how to read market analysis right now you just understand to determine if something is properly
bullish or if something is properly bearish now we're going to get into top that analysis we're
going to get into area of interest support and resistance entry signal double top double bottoms
breaking retest indicators trading plan strategy everything inside of this video so i'll take a
quick pause and make sure you subscribe to the channel if you haven't subscribed hit that
subscribe button hit that like button as well leave a comment on what has been your favorite
section so far and to do a quick recap so up to this point we have talked about what a currency
pair is we have talked about different types of traders day trader swing traders scalpers interday
investors we have also talked about the types of technical trading you have the line chart the
candlestick charts multiple different forms of bar charts you guys now understand what platforms you
need to actually execute a trade and which ones you should focus on that's only going to be
trading view a broker of your choice and then metatrader 5 to actually execute the trade and
then maybe forex factory if you want to use the fundamentals now you guys understand the actual
trading sessions to be involved into the market because they're
yes the market is there to be available 24 5 to actually go ahead and execute a trade
but that doesn't mean that you should actually execute a trade at whatever time you want
whenever it's at the best of your convenience you need to make sure that you're trading within
that proper window of you actually executing a trade so now you guys understand the different
types of orders in the market you guys understand what's in the market instant execution what's a
buy soft sell stop market order limit and how you can actually place that on metatrader 5. you guys
are educated exactly on how to identify the market structure now if you need more practice
you need to see it all over again just simply go back before you continue watching this video
forward because there is no other market structure education that is to be done to determine if
something is bullish or something is bearish all i can just really do is have a never-ending amount
of examples and then i would actually never get to the point when it comes to the strategy inside of
my channel i have many other videos like this one where i actually educate you on market structure
just that but what i've just taught you previously should be more than enough for you to be able to go
ahead and go to any chart and determine if it's bullish or bearish now that after that you've
learned and you've been able to identify that something is bullish or bearish but what's next
well that's exactly what we're going to be getting into right now just want to do a quick
pause quiz recap because that's a lot of information and that information has taken
me a very long time to even remotely get near understanding it and now the fact that i've just
put it all to you in one single video is pretty crazy and i just wanted to make sure that you
realize that
before we continue going forward and if you think that you need to just watch the market structure
section a bit more before moving on because now things are going to get a little bit more advanced
and i'm going to start going a bit faster paced just literally take a quick pause at this section
go back watch the last 30 minutes to 45 minutes even the last hour and just watch that section
over again go look over throughout your notes and all i'm going to be doing now is teaching you now
the advanced way on how to do it how to actually do a proper top down analysis and how to place
your areas of interest so with that being said let's get started okay so let's see if you've
been doing your homework and you've actually been paying attention right so what i'm about
to show you guys is going to be top down analysis top down analysis this right here is what's going
to lead you to determine if it's a good time to buy or a good time to sell now you might be asking
yourself why is top analysis so important and that is because top down analysis is directly
connected to the actual trend of the trade and you should only be executing a trade if you are
trading with the trend the trend is your friend i cannot stress this enough and you want to make
sure that you can be trading with the most amount of trends in your favor so the trend
is your friend if you were to get something to write that on a piece of paper this would
probably be on the top of that forefront now at the point when it comes to actually entering
a trade everything when it comes to educating you on the market there's a bunch of other valuable
notes but when it comes to actually entering a trade this is going to be probably one of the
top things that you need in your favor for you to actually determine if the trade is good to buy or
if the trade is good to sell so for us to do a top down analysis it's very simple right you have
a weekly move that's going to be like this so this box over here that we're going to be having
at our left section this is going to be the weekend then instead inside of this box we're
going to have the daily and then on this box we're going to have the four hour and in just a
second i'm going to be breaking down what every single time frame is used for and how you're
going to use it right you just learned to determine if something is bullish or bearish
right now you can very clearly tell that this weekly time frame is bullish
that's the higher high and that's the higher low right if you were to do the snake trick
once again this is the head of the snake the first turn that is going to be the actual
turn of the day
of the snake and that's going to be the higher low so this is what the market looks like on
the weekly now if we were to look at this same exact market on the daily for example this is
exactly how this market would look like so i'm literally just copying this exact same structure
move but i'm just basically zooming into this price so this is what the weekly higher high would
look like on the weekly this is what the weekly higher low would look like on the weekly if i were
to copy this weekly higher low and place it over here on the daily this is what it would look like
or even lower we're just going to place it literally at the exact same price where it is
over here and this is what the weekly higher high would look like if i were to place the weekly
higher high at this daily time frame now this is the weekly higher high this is the weekly higher
low on the daily time frame but the daily time frame this is the daily higher high as well so we
daily higher high and then where is the daily higher low well let's say you don't know because
you've just started to learn how to trade but you do know how to use the snake trick and this crazy
guy in the internet keeps saying that the snake trick is based off of the first turn and that's
where the higher low is so if this is the head of the snake and we start going backwards that is the
first turn that indeed right there is going to now be the higher low of this market all right this
crazy guy in the internet is somehow making sense so that right there is going to be the higher low
now this is what that daily higher low looks like on the weekly and this is what the daily higher
high looks like on the weekly so as you can tell we have the same higher high and then we have a
different higher low because there's different structure right pretty easy pretty self-explanatory
everything so far should be making sense because we are not breaking down anything new this is
you
just what it looks like on the weekly and this is what it looks like on the daily now if i were to
do the exact same structure move on the four hour obviously the four hour time frame is going to
have a lot more structure a lot more detail that is going to define the weekly and the
daily time frame right because keep in mind every single candle of this is just one week
but two of these candles is going to be 10 of the candles on the daily and then on the weekly it'll
be north of 26 candles so the lower the time frame we go the more detail you're going to see
everything it's just going to be broken down into many more candlesticks and many more structure
points it's going to be broken down the same way whether you look at it on the candlestick chart or
whether you look at it on the line chart the market structure is going to change because the
price movements change based off of the time frame so so far right now we have the weekly time frame
and we have the daily time frame right
on the four hour time frame we're also going to identify the higher high and higher low right
four hour time frame is bullish as you can tell this is the four hour higher high and then the
four hour higher low is going to be at this point right here once again if we do the trusty
snake trick get the head of the snake turn backwards that right there is going to be the
higher low pretty easy pretty self-explanatory just showing this in a very very very simple form
so we have just done top-down analysis on for example euro usd we have understood
that this market structure as of right now this is what the four hour higher high looks like
on the four hour and this is what the four hour higher low looks like
on the daily for example and this is what the four hour higher low looks like for example
on the weekly so this is just to give you perspective when you're going to go enter a trade
where you are entering the trade should you be entering the trade on the four hour should you
be entering the trade on the daily should you be entering the trade on the week and on all of that
i'm going to be breaking down inside of this video i just want you guys to understand one thing at a
time the trend is your friend so now this market right here yes the weekly time frame is going to
be considered bullish a daily time frame is going to be considered bullish and the four hour time
frame is going to be considered bullish now this quote unquote is great because you have all three
time frames that are going to be in your favor so this means that it's a great time to buy
now while this is what i'm saying to you guys right now in this specific example
that actually might not be the case and i'm going to break that down in just a second but
the most important thing that i want you guys to understand right now is going to be top-down
analysis is to literally determine if something is bullish or bearish from the top
down so all of the time frames that we will be using are going to be these so we have the weekly
weekly four hour two hour one hour 30 minutes and 15 minutes now we will be using
the weekly the daily and the four hour all of these three time frames these are going to be used
to identify the trend so these are going to be
used to identify trend and area of interest slash support or resistance and we'll get into that in
just a second don't worry one thing at a time but we will be using these higher time frames to
identify where is the overall direction of the market going because we want to be trading with
that direction if the majority of the higher time frames are going up best believe we're just going
to keep going up if the majority of the higher time frames are going down best believe we're
going to continue that trend to the downside there's no better option when it comes to buying
or selling they're both equally the same and then we're going to be using these lower time frames as
entry signal confirmations now i'm going to prepare you guys right now for something
the entry signals is going to actually be the most simple thing that i can possibly ever teach
it's going to be the easiest thing you are ever going
to learn but it will be the last thing why because when you go enter the trade that means that you
have done your whole entire analysis that means that you have broken down your strategy that means
that you have done literally everything and you're at the point of entry there is so many
more things that we need to get to the point before the market is even near entering the trade
and just want to prepare you guys mentally for that that if you try even remotely to skip this
video straight to the entry section because you can you're going to be making a very big mistake
because just because you have the entry portion of the trade doesn't mean that you understand how
to have the whole entire analysis of the trade before entering it you need to properly know how
to enter the trade prior to actually having the entry signal where is the trade do you have certain
confluences are you at a proper support or resistance do you even know how to place a proper
support or resistance you have added confluences that you can have before your entry signal there's
so many more steps that go down before the entry signal that you skipping all the way to the entry
is actually going to cause you more damage than good just wanted to add this as a side note in
there because i get it might be a lot of time for you to sit down and watch this video but i
would tell you this it's going to cost you a lot more time you trying to figure this out and cheat
your way through it and try to just skip it when the best way to do it is just learn properly and
take your time right so with that being said entry signal time frames are going to be this
and then the trending time frames for top down analysis are going to be this so when we do our
top down analysis we are only going to be using the weekly the daily and the four hour we don't
involve the two hour the one hour the 30 or the 15 minutes until we are not ready to enter the trade
so these time frames right here are completely avoided until we are ready to enter the trade and
we're not ready into the trade into quite some time so for now we will completely disregard
all of these time frames and what an entry signal is and our only focus for right now is going to be
the trend and for us to identify the trend we need to do a top-down analysis and that is with
these three time frames the weekly the daily and the four hour now the way to do top-down analysis
is to identify the structure on these three time frames to identify
trend so it's very simple the way for us to do a top-down analysis is to identify the structure
on these three time frames to identify the trend exactly what we've done right now perfect example
is we can go right now to spx 500 for example we can go to a different market for example let's say
we go to aud jpy right for example right this is a real market that i'm actually interested in
trading and we're just going to go to a different server so we don't have a bunch of stuff in our
way we're going to start off on the weekly time frame top that analysis is meant to literally
start from the top down so remember the top-down analysis is meant to literally start from the top
down so remember the top-down analysis is meant to literally start from the top down so remember the
we don't want to be looking at the market way too back to the point where we can't even look at the
market structure where you can't even see the candlesticks and remember you don't want to be
super zoomed in to the point where you can only see the last five candlesticks and you can't look
much to the left you want to get a healthy amount for you to do a proper top-down analysis on the
weekly time frame you should go backwards max anywhere from five to six years five to six years
should be the max you should go back to six years five to six years should be the max you should go
you go backwards to identify structure if something is bullish or bearish it will five
six years back to identify the market structure now i know this might seem like a lot even like
alex that's a long time that's a lot of market structure but you really only need to do this
one time and you only need to do this one time because once you understand where the market is
and where it's bullish or bearish from you really don't ever have to go back so like let's say right
now we go back five six years and that's the max right because we don't really have to go all the
way to this point right here because we can very clearly tell this has shifted to the upside and
then we've gone bullish or bearish but let's say if we were to go through all of this market
structure right now it would probably take us 10 minutes 15 minutes and then we end off with this
market being bullish or bearish to wherever right just for a random example let's just call this the
higher high and let's just call this the higher low whatever once this market breaks this
structure point we don't have to go back to this structure point we don't have to go back to this
five years again to determine if this market is indeed bullish or bearish no we just know if it
breaks this structure point this market will then be bullish that will be the higher high
and then the higher low will be somewhere here and then we don't ever have to go back and do
it again and that's why i trade or quote unquote trade i analyze all of these different markets
simply because i just know where they are every single time because i already did the work i
already analyzed the markets and i already know where they are like i already did all that work
and all that work is really not a lot of work it's kind of preparing for you guys for that
and then on the four hour the max we could go back is going to be anywhere from six to
12 months back to identify the market structure so make sure you guys write this down you guys
don't need to go further than this to determine if something is bullish or if something is bearish
so if we can just go over to the line chart for us to have a very clear indication to determine if
this is bullish or bearish all we can see here is that this market at one point started from this
high point this is the higher low now we can just start off from this point it'll be very easy for
us to determine this so if you are confused and you are a beginner and you can't do it off of the
candlesticks just yet don't worry you can just go ahead and use your trusty line chart and that'll
be your cheat sheet that'll be your hack but if i were to be using the candlesticks i can tell
that this is the higher high off of that body right there and then i can tell that this is
of that body right there we switch over back to the line chart and look at that perfect accuracy
right to the structure point so we know that this is the higher high excuse me this is the higher
low on the weekly and then we understand that this is the daily higher high cool we know as long as
we remain inside of here we are bullish when we break below we are bearish look at that we go out
to the daily time frame and what do we have a daily body candlestick closure below now what does that
mean that means that now this if it has confirmed closed below and as of right now hasn't closed
let's see if this candlestick has closed now it has officially confirmed closed below
this is the weekly lower low cool this is the weekly lower low and then our weekly lower high
goes to which point well if this is the head of the snake we start going backwards this is the
first turn that right there is indeed going to be
the actual lower high so this point over here is not going to be turned into the daily
excuse me the weekly lower high human error weekly lower high
cool we know as long as we are inside of the structure this is still the continuation cells
the candlestick hasn't closed would you look at that still hasn't still pushing down we keep we do
the snake trick once again there's still no stopping point so this move hasn't hasn't stopped just yet
looks like it's going to be stopping somewhere around here and that looks like exactly where
it's going to stop let me confirm based off of the line chart beautiful it stopped at that point right
there beautiful perfection execution we continue following this market structure as long as we are
in between this lower high and lower low we are still bearish would you look at that we body
candlestick closed below that makes this the new lower low we do the snake trick this right here
becomes the lower high we do the snake trick this right here becomes the lower high this right here becomes the lower high
you need some clarity just hop back on over the line chart and take a look at it lower low
lower high as long as we don't body candlestick close above this we are still bearish
and would you look at that we did indeed body candlestick close above this becomes the higher
high so this is now weekly higher high and then this becomes the weekly higher low and we basically
do this all the way up into the point where we understand where the market is right now this is
all the way up into the point where we understand where the market is right now this is
the number two the number three the number two is roughly here so let's see
what happens what happens as you can see
and as you can see as you can see
as you can see
it's the same it's the same here
it's like this looks like it's not hard to see
but it's a little bit unstable but it's not hard to see
so here we go
you low low then this over here becomes the lower high so we are now bearish then this becomes the
lower low then this becomes the lower high we are now bearish inside of this move once we body close
above we then go bullish we wicked out never actually were able to body candlestick close
above and we are about to do it very soon now we have officially closed above that is the higher
high this is the higher low we are just following a live right now just so we can not waste too much
time on these examples but everything is pretty obvious on where it is so we are just continuing
from this lower high this lower low then this becomes the higher high and then this structure
point right here becomes the higher low so we could go out to the weekly time from just to
confirm i'm excuse me go out to the line line chart just to confirm and look at that that is
the weekly higher high
that is the weekly higher low so right now all we are doing is top down analysis to determine if this
is bullish or bearish and the weekly is bullish this is the higher high and this is the higher
low i am not making this up this is not part of my strategy just yet at this point right now i am
just i'm just educating you on how to read the market next we go down to the daily time frame
we would pretty much do the exact same thing we could start off from whichever point but we can
start off from right here and it would be very obvious if we were just
you know if we were just going to go down to the daily time frame we would pretty much do the
same thing we would just hop over to the line chart that this market at one point was creating
these higher highs and higher lows and we can pretty much just pick it up from like right around
here this right here would be the lower high this right here would be the lower low lower high we
body candlestick close above then this would be the higher high i would leave that as a higher low
let me go to the candlestick to confirm yes because if this was the lower high at one point
correct this was the lower high this was the lower high this was the lower high this was the lower high
was the lower low I wouldn't really count that as a structure point simply
because it's not as strong or as significant once this move has actually
closed above and we created this new higher high prior to this candle if I'm
looking down I don't see any clean elbows I don't see any clean structure
points I don't it just it just looks like one clean continuation up the head
of the snake can very clearly just move on right through there it's not like a
move like this if this were to be the head of the snake it would actually have
to like go and make that turn I don't see any significant turns at that point
right there meaning that then I would include for this to be the higher low
obviously this candlestick now closes above this becomes the higher high this
becomes a higher low and then I would count this as the higher high I would
not count that as the higher low but let's see what it looks like on the
line charts and if we were to look at that on the line chart it could be
considered as the higher low and if we were to look at that on the line chart
and this is where experience and just being part of being in front of the
markets for hours will need you to be able to make this analysis I personally
would not count that as the higher low even though on the line chart it does
look like the higher low if you were to look at it on the daily candlestick if
you were to ask me the head of the snake would just simply come right on
through there and not do a significant turn it can easily just slide right on
through there this market structure is far more
significant and I could actually doing see it doing a turn before continuating
to the upside now I know in the past for my advanced students that if any of you
guys are in here I know a lot of you guys sometimes say yup that's exactly
what I learned inside of my strategy because a one candlestick pullback I'm
not saying it's not significant enough but it would need to be a lot cleaner in
order for me to actually consider it as a structure pullback and this one
candlestick right here to me is simply not strong enough there's other things
out there and I'm not saying this is not a really big deal this is a simple
detail but it's just the right size the way it looks the way it looks if you
want to design a candlestick this has a lot of different examples of a one
candlestick pullback that can look far more interesting and far more
respectful it looks a lot more like structure point compared to that candle
even it's something as small as this as you can tell this right here actually
had an engulfing candlestick and then I had to push up I would personally count
exactly the same as the market structure that we're running into right now but this looks a
lot more respected this right here looks pretty soft in my opinion and i want personally i want
to risk my money on something that i feel comfortable with and something that is respected
and to me i don't see the market respecting that structure point right there right so daily time
frame we are also indeed bullish so this is the daily higher high this is the daily higher low
weekly higher high weekly higher low cool pretty easy pretty self-explanatory now i want you guys
to go ahead and pause this video and tell me whether this four hour time frame is bullish
or if this four hour time frame is bearish go ahead pause this video i'm gonna give you guys
five seconds to determine if this is bullish or if this is bearish just based off of the line chart
go ahead if you make a mistake it's okay don't worry it's very tricky but go ahead all right
you guys came back
so the four hour time frame if we were to follow just the structure point obviously this would be
a higher low this would be a higher high arguably this can be a higher low and then this could be a
higher high up here but let's see what it looks like on the actual candlestick chart well if you
notice on the candlestick chart the body line has officially closed above that structure point right
there and i would consider this to be the higher high i would have actually never considered this
to be the higher low for the exact same example
that we just did on the daily time frame i would have actually considered this the higher low
but the point is that it doesn't even matter because this structure actually closed above
making that the higher high and then making this right here the higher low if that was a higher low
that was the higher high the market shifted it making this now bearish so then this became the
lower low then if we that becomes the lower low we do the head of the snake we start working backwards
first turn that is then going to be the four hour lower high and then if this is the four hour
lower low we just erase this right here if this then becomes a four hour lower low we then do the
head of the snake this is then going to be the lower high that right there is why this four hour
time frame is indeed bearish so this time frame is actually bearish let me just put that right back
up there there should be a
right there so this is the four hour lower low and then this is the four hour
lower high four hour lower high four hour lower low so if you said that this was bearish i want
to make sure that you understand why this is bearish if you were saying that it's bullish i
want you to understand why you weren't correct that it was bullish you should have obviously
very easily seen that this broke above this structure point and that was the higher high
and if that's the higher high that's very clearly
the higher low we broke below lower low lower high lower low so the four hour time frame is indeed
bearish now at this point i was analyzing this market this is pretty much what it looks like
this is our top down analysis at this point right now so if we were to look at everything
on the daily time frame which is probably my best my i i say it's my favorite time from just
because you can kind of see everything without it being either too far or too close in you can very
easily see here where the weekly higher low and weekly higher high is you can see where the daily
higher high and the daily higher low is and then you can see where the four hour lower high and the
four hour lower low is now this top that analysis looks pretty empty in my opinion right you might
be looking at all these lines you might be like okay alex cool i understand that the daily is
bullish because of this and i understand that the weekly is bullish because of this now what do i do
right so let's start with the daily and let's start with the daily so let's say you buy a
all-time high and you spend a lot of money on cash and you're in this set of futures which
means that your daily is bullish and you kind of get the impression that you're losing money
so you kind of give your daily a little bit of time to kind of listen to your trading and see
how the beta looks on your market and check whether or not it's going to be bullish or not
because the doubleando or the majority are going to be bullish so you want to see how much of that
price is going to be and youred versus if it's going to be bullish so you're going to need a lot of time to
pretty much consist of two different formats you either have the weekly and the daily
or you have the daily and the four hour you either have both of these that are bullish
or you have both of these that are bullish or both of these that are bearish or both of these
that are bearish if you were to have let's say for example the weekly time frame that is going to be
let's say bullish and then you have the daily time frame that is going to be bearish and then
you have the four hour time frame that is going to be bullish that is not two consecutive time
frames in sync you need to at least a minimum have two time frames in sync weekly and then daily
or four hour and then daily so you need to pick which ones you're going to trade together because
that right there is
one of the most important things that you're going to trade together because that right there
what's going to let you know that you are trading with the trend now at this very moment you have the
weekly and the daily in your favor meaning that you have the highest possible time frames in your
direction so it makes the most logical sense to buy now i'm not saying that it's a good time to
buy right now i'm just saying that critique right there that we have just done will remove 50 of the
markets out of our watch list every single week because sometimes some markets just aren't
consecutively having two time frames in sync they aren't trending together they are you know
one could be bullish the other can be bearish the other can just be the other time it just doesn't
even matter they're not in sync what you want to do is you want to create the base first by having
two consecutive time frames in sync for you to be interested in the trade for you to be like okay
cool i have the trend in my favor with two time frames all i have to do is either one take the
risk by not waiting for the third or i'm going to trade with the trend in my favor and i'm going to
wait for the third to go bullish and then i trade with that time frame as well now at that point
all the stars are aligning and it's literally telling you to just continue buying it makes
everything extremely easy and it is not a high risk trade now i get it earlier you might have
seen me sell this aud jpy trade and i'll explain all of that later into the future of this video
that was a very high risk trade that i was taking and that's why i also took a very high risk trade
on usd chf and i lost but that's just me trading breaking the rules and making mistakes right now
so i'm going to explain to you guys how to do things the right way first before you learn how to
become a drifter or do a burnout in a car or even switch lanes and race you first need to understand
how to drive a car how to properly drive in the roads and how a car even works you can't think or
compare yourself to somebody that is a professional street racer when you don't even know what a
transmission is right so everything is baby steps one step at a time so for top down analysis the
main main main main main thing is the top down analysis and that's the top down analysis that's
the top down analysis that's the top down analysis that's the top down analysis that's the top down analysis
is to just determine where the market is and right here you have pretty much cornered the market
right you have locked the market in to essentially this spot right here where it is right now so the
market is very very very very big right and it can be very intimidating when you look at it like
this because you see so much happening to the left so much happening up here so much happening
down here but what if i told you that you no longer have to look at any of this stuff this is
all completely
irrelevant all you have to focus on and look at is right here this is all you really have to look
at because this is your zone of where you're trading in you're trading within the higher high
and higher low traders make a mistake and they're like okay yeah this market right here sure it's
bullish but then i'm gonna make this level down here i'm gonna make this my support level and then
i'm gonna make this my support level and then i'm gonna make this my resistance level it's like
all right uh
jeff you understand that if the market comes back into the support level that you're claiming that
it should come back to you understand that the market is no longer going to be bullish at that
zone right you understand that right you understand that the market makes it to the
support level that you claim the market should have a reaction from the market will then be
bearish because it's breaking below the higher low that is going to be then the lower low and
if that is bearish then there's an extremely high chance
that the daily time frame is also going to be bearish and so is the four hour so at that point
does it even make sense to buy absolutely not it's going to make more sense to then sell so that is
the beauty of the way that i trade i eliminate all of the noise from the markets and all of this
stuff to the left that can just cause confusion and i basically let you dial in and focus on just
a very specific part in the chart and that's all you really have to do you really only have to
focus yourself inside of this zone right here and i'm going to educate you now about how you can
how to focus on this exact zone same exact thing goes for the daily traders would come here to the
to the daily time frame excuse me and then they would place this as a support level
places as a support level but yeah once it gets here i'll then buy it and then yeah and then i'll
i'll sell it here it's like bro you understand if like it comes down here the daily will be
bearish and so will the weekly why would you even buy at that point and no longer make sense
so this top down analysis not only does it let you understand where the
time frames are and where the market is but it also lets you focus on a specific zone in the
chart we only need to look within this higher highs and these higher lows we don't care what
higher high's and these higher lows we don't care what
happened down here we don't care what happened up here that is completely irrelevant to what
we have going on right now this is where we are focusing on the charts right now so top down
analysis and the way that it works is all based off of market structure market structure will lead
us to understand if something is bullish or not and it also doesn't mean that the future is cut off at any moment so let's eu all be nauseous about
everything we've said so far we'll talk about the timing date and the when and where as well but the
bullish or if something is bearish now we're going to be using the line chart back and forth
to determine that these structure points are actually valid and valuable now obviously we
don't want to be looking at the four hour structure where we're in the daily just doesn't really make
sense so you can either do one thing you can you know double click this line you can click
visibility and then it just won't be available on the daily and then you can click the four hour
here click on visibility and it won't be available on the daily and now here you can focus on the
higher time frame stuff when you go down to the four hour there you're going to get access to
the four hour higher low lower high lower low just a little bit of a of a tricky secret trick that i
have sometimes when there's too many things in front of the charts and i want to clear things up
right so top down analysis is done i'm just going to write this down top down analysis
is to determine
if something is bullish or bearish based off the trend time frames once we determine
that something is bullish or bearish we will then place the higher high higher low lower high
and lower low on the weekly daily and four hour to trap price so this right here
is the step-by-step way do the top down analysis to determine if something is bullish or bearish
based off of the trend time frames so we know that the weekly daily the four hour are the 10
the trend time frames once you determine that something is bullish or bearish we place the
higher high higher low lower high lower low whatever the case is on these three time frames
to trap price now that you have determined that you these time frames are like this
then you're going to go to the next step after you have done your proper top down 96 next comes
area of interest slash support and resistance slash not residence resistance slash supply and demand
slash order block all of this stuff right here is the exact same thing area of interest
is a support and resistance it's a supply and demand zone and it's an order block so once
you've done your top analysis which is what we've done right now next we move into
support and resistance and all of this stuff so let's get into that right now now before i i show
you how to do this on the chart i first need to tell you what this is right here what is support
and resistance what is supply and demand zone what is an order block what is a all of this right
very simple now the market as as we have already said in the past it moves based off of trend
and structure points now all of these structure points right here
are based off of trend and structure points now all of these structure points right here leaves
a history or leave a trail in the market and this trail in the market tends to get respected
time and time and time again when we cross through these areas so a level of support or a level of
supply and demand is just simply an area that the market has not only reacted to it once but
it could potentially react to it again so all of these elbow points all of these structure points
they're leaving a story right they're leaving something in the past and
this in the past can potentially repeat itself again so all of these structure points say a story
now what have i told you that whenever we're below it and it's done it in the past it could
potentially do it again so if we just start off from this left point right over here and we get a
little little box we got a little trusty zone we start going to the left as you can tell when
we are below we are also in the rejecting it and what a coincidence that when we are above that
we are also rejecting it all right cool now price has broken below this area it came back and
retested it what a coincidence that we also rejected when we're below cool now what a
coincidence when we are above we also came and retested it wow what a coincidence exactly how
we've done in the past exactly how we've done in the past right here as well okay cool keep going
to the left and just for examples purposes we're going to modify this to this right here
wow what a coincidence whenever we are below we are also rejecting it so this right here where you
are seeing this blue box this right here is a supply and demand zone this right here is a
support and this right here is a resistance this right here is an order block this right
here is an area of interest it is all the same supply and demand zone
resistance order blocks all of this is literally the same people have complicated this
over the last couple of years i don't know why but it's all the same thing it's an area of interest
it's an area where the trade where once the market gets there it's an area that you are
interested in because the market has a reaction from it whenever we are above we use it as support
whenever we are below we use it as support but whenever we are lined the trade expansion zone is
is growing and cold which gets the history of the porque just annoying because there's absolutely no
we use it as resistance. Support and resistance is extremely simple. Support is literally exactly
what it says. It is support. It is when price is being held up from something. Right now,
if I were to push up from this table, I am using this table as support to then lift myself up.
This right here is a support area. Price is using this area as a support area to lift itself up.
That is my support to then stand up from this desk if I want to stand up.
But let's say I'm a fucking giant, and let's say I'm 10 feet tall. As soon as I stand up from this
table, I hit the top of this screen right here that's going on. If anything, I can also do it
like this. As soon as I stand up from the table, and I use this as support, I can lift myself up
right here. That is my support to then stand up from this desk if I want to stand up. But let's say
the support i come up and then boom i hit this top of the screen this is the resistance level
this is what's going to then push me back down and then i'm going to try and push off of support
again and then i hit resistance which is going to be the ceiling of the screen and then i hit
support and then the top of the screen is resistance and then the battle goes on right
now can this resistance be used as support and can this support right here be used as resistance
absolutely right now since i am above the support level i am pushing price i'm pushing myself up
but if i were to get out of the way in order to get under my desk i can use this same uh
no desk to push myself down so i'm using the same support area as then resistance to pull myself
down now if i can somehow figure out a way to get on top of this screen right here and then i
use myself as support, I can then make this resistance level a support level, where then
I'm going to grab myself and then bring myself up. That is exactly how price works. This right
here is the support level. Whenever price is above it, it's using it as support. Whenever price is at
a resistance, it's using it as resistance. Can the resistance be turned into support?
Absolutely. We just have to break it and then retest it. Can the support be used as
resistance? Absolutely. We just have to break it and then retest it. That is it. Support and
resistance can both be used with each other and they can be used against each other. They can
be best friends. They need each other to actually validate themselves. If something is a very strong
resistance level, it could be a very strong resistance level. If something is a very strong
resistance level, it could be a very strong resistance level. If something is a very strong
very strong support level if something is a very strong support level it can be very much very
strong resistance level they both go with one another if this is very well respected when you're
below it when price is above it it should also be very very well respected if this is very well
respected when above it when below it it should also be very well respected when below it now this
right here is just basic support and resistance and that is what an area of interest is built off
of right so as you can tell right here price used it as resistance at this point it used it as
support at this point at resistance at this point at support at this point and that resistance at
this point this right here is a perfect example once again of an area of interest of a supporting
resistance
of
supply and demand zone and an order block it is all the same it is an area of interest
where whenever price approaches this area it has a reaction now an area of interest is only valid
is only valid once we have a minimum of three touches a minimum of three touches now
these three touches this right here is a touch of the area of interest this right here is a
touch of the area of interest this right here is a touch of the area of interest
a minimum of three touches it could be three resistance touches so for example let's say
we don't have this right here and let's say we don't have this right here we move this up
this right here is a valid area of interest we have one rejection as resistance two
rejection and resistance and three rejections as resistance that right there is a valid area
of interest yes now what if we don't have this second touch as resistance and we have this
touch as support well this support right here is a third touch so we have one resistance
one supports and one resistance that is another valid area of interest well what if we don't have
any resistance and then it's all support that is also a valid area of interest as long as we have
a minimum of three touches it is a valid area of interest area of interest is good for buys
and sells is good for buys and sells if you're interested in buying and it only has support
that's great if you're interested in buying and it only has
a resistance to validate the area of interest that is great it is all the same thing as long
as you have a minimum of three touches this is now going to be a valid area of interest
if you're looking to buy and you only have resistance that is also a valid support level
so obviously the more touches you have the better obviously if you have something
that has been rejected 15 times i would much rather be interested in something that
has been retested 15 times rather than something the three now the area of interest the more
touches the better because it means that it has been respected more in the past anything less than
three touches it is no longer a valid area of interest it is not a valid supplying demand zone
it is not a valid order block could it be a support level sure could it be a resistance level
it is not a valid area of interest an area of interest is needed to enter a trade to enter a
trade you cannot enter a trade if not at the area of interest now if you're not if you don't
understand this right now don't worry all of this will make sense in just a second now i don't
expect you to get this right off the bat like i've just taught you what different trading concepts
are on top of that i just showed you everything when it comes to the candlestick charts and then
i'm showing you area of interest like this to me this thing is crazy this took me so long to
understand like this was literally some where it took me forever just to get this right
here it's just crazy so area of interest is needed in order for you to actually enter the
trade you cannot enter a trade if you're not at an area of interest so this right here is a valid
area of interest let me ask you a question is this right here a valid area of interest
yes or no no this right here simply only has one touch so this right here is not a valid area of
interest making this not a valid area of interest cool we move on what about this right here is
this you know just do this for examples purposes is this a valid area of interest yes or no
well we have one we have two and then we have three yes
this is a valid area of interest all right cool let's keep going all right we're just finding
something that has three touches and we're going to count it as our area of interest but this is
not how we find our area of interest is this right here a valid area of interest we have one
and none nothing to the left so no not a valid area of interest
we keep coming down boom we run into this zone what do we have here we have one
we have two
and then we have three and four is this a valid area of interest yeah it is very clean
and obvious that it has respected this area now once again what am i showing you based
this area of interest off of i'm showing you this off of structure these are the elbows
the elbows are based off of the bodies of the candlesticks at no point
are we including wicks here like if i were to be doing this on the actual line chart for example if
i was to go here to the line chart i'm doing this area of interest to the elbows if you notice this
right here we have one two three four five i'm taking these elbows into consideration at no
point am i doing this area of interest to the wicks or am i making the box big enough to include
the wicks no i'm doing this to the structure points to the elbows now how big should the
box be how do you do all that don't worry i'm going to get into all that in just a second i just
explained that and make that very clear we're obviously doing it to the structure points so you
continue to do it on the structure points all right just continue going down let's find something that
has a minimum of three touches boom we run into this price right here what do we have
can we arguably have three points here sure you know just for argument's sake we'll lower
this in a little bit one two and three that is also an area of interest oh that is also an area
of interest so this right here is also an area of interest one second this right here is also an
area of interest and so is this right here an area of interest all right let's just keep going down
let's find another example and keep working our way down and boom we also have right here one two
and then three two and then three and then we keep going and boom three and we keep moving this to
the downside this right here boom
Boom. Let's just call this one, two, and then three, right? So we'll call this one right here
as well. One, two, and three and four, right? So right now at this point, you're probably looking
at this market and you're like, yo, what the fuck? It was right in front of me the whole time,
but also this is like so much shit going on. Well, what if I told you that technically in
this market right here, all of these are valid areas of interest? Yes, because they have a
minimum of three touches, right? That is the core foundation to have a valid area of interest.
Now, what if I told you that there's only one of these areas of interest that are actually
applicable, my fucking accent, that are actually... Editor, leave this in there. I have a major accent,
guys. So if sometimes my grammar or my accent isn't the best,
I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do.
I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do.
I did not know English until like the other day, right? I'm kidding. I learned it in school,
but Spanish is my first language, right? So there's only one area of interest inside of this
chart that is actually applicable, whatever, that is actually applicable to this market.
Only one area of interest is applicable to this market. Now, which one do you think it is?
Do you think that it's going to be the first one? Do you think that it's going to be
the second one? Do you think that it's going to be the third one, the fourth, the fifth, or the
sixth? I'm going to go ahead and give you guys a minute to just think about it and determine which
one of these areas of interest is actually applicable, applicable to this chart. One of
these areas of interest stays. Every other area of interest is completely invalid. So go ahead,
pause this video,
and I'll give you guys a second to do it. Well, actually, let me see how I explain this.
Let's do this. How about now? Yes. So I kind of cheated there a little bit. I'm not going to lie
because I read the market structure incorrectly. But at this point right now, there's technically
only, let's do it like this. Where did this market structure? Just for this example's purposes,
right? So let's just get rid of this first one. Just for this example's purposes,
there's only one area of interest that is applicable to this market right here. And that
is going to be area of interest number two. Now, you might be wondering why. Well, I mixed it up a
little bit. And for some reason, my return tool isn't working. But I'm literally trying to click
that shit, but it's not working. It's because I read the market structure wrong. But technically,
this market was bearish. So technically, this was the lower high, and this was the lower low.
And technically, multiple of these areas of interest,
are valid. But just for this example, I wanted to make it bullish just so I can connect a little
bit more. So there's only one area of interest in this market that is actually valid, and that's
going to be number two. So area of interest number three is not valid, four is not valid,
five is not valid, and six is not valid. Now, you may be asking why. Well, very simple.
This right here is the higher high. This right here is the higher low. If this is the higher
low, you can only have an area of interest within the higher high and the higher low. Having an area
of interest below the higher low completely defeats the purpose of having identified if
it's bullish or bearish. Because if the market makes it to this area of interest, we're then
bearish. And we're no longer looking for buys if this market is bearish. We're going to be looking
for sales. Can it be an area of interest for us to sell? Of course, for sure. But we're not there.
We're very far from that. We're way up here.
And if we have all the indications telling us to buy, why would we place an area of interest to
sell? We don't. So we get rid of the areas of interest that are not valid and have absolutely
no use to our trade. This area of interest, once again, below the higher low, it's not valid,
not valid, and not valid. So now we've taken all of this noise, all of this area of interest,
all of these structure points, and we have completely removed them all and just focused
on one part of the chart.
On one area of interest, on one zone where the market has a very high probability of having a
reaction from this area of interest. So I basically just answered a question, which I'm sure I would
get. And that is, where do I place the area of interest and how do I know it's a valid one?
Well, simply because you could only place an area of interest within the higher low and within
the higher high. So if you guys were paying attention to what I said earlier, you guys would
have known that I said,
only look within this zone to actually trade. So we're only going to place an area of interest
within the zone. So our area of interest will only be inside of here. How many areas of interest can
we get? Could be an infinite. You can get a thousand, 500, a quantillion. Obviously, these
are not real numbers. The most you can actually really get will probably be four and five. Could
you get more? Sure. But the less, the better, because you want better quality zones rather than
an abundance. You want quality over quantity.
When it comes to identify these areas of interest. So an area of interest is identified on something
that has a minimum of three touches. An area of interest is good to buy or sell, whether you are
above it or below it. As long as we have three touches, the more touches, the better and an area
of interest needed because you need to enter a trade at an area of interest. You cannot enter a
trade if it's not at the area of interest and you can only, only find an area of interest inside of
the higher high and higher low or the lower high and the lower low at no other point. Can you find the area of
interest elsewhere? If you put an area of interest up here, that's pretty much bullshit because dude, we're
like, like the market hasn't even gotten there. And if we're looking to buy, we can't buy at a fucking
resistance. Like how does that make sense? You're basically betting that you're going to break through a
resistance and that's not logical.
At a support level, you want price to be at a support level and then it push yourself off of it.
That is a simply the logic when it comes to trading. So when you buy, you need to buy at a
support level. When you sell, you need to sell at a resistance level. So you buy at support and then
you sell at resistance at no point. Do you break this rule right here? This is probably the simplest
thing that I can write in this.
The whole entire class, and it will probably be the most valuable. I cannot stress to you guys. How many of you guys are
buying at resistance or selling at support? Like how does that make sense? If the market is going down, right? And the
market is going down and you are literally at a support level right now where the market has reacted to it three times
from this level. Why are you selling into this level where literally historically what it does from here?
Is have a reaction. Why are you buying from this level? Some people just don't, I think they don't, they don't know what to say.
Some people just don't have an answer. They're like, oh, I don't know. Well, no shit. You didn't know. Cause you wouldn't be doing
that. This is like jumping into a two foot pool. Why the fuck would you do that? Like you're going to literally smash your face.
Is there a one in a thousand possibility that, you know, you happen to break through a pool and, and break the concrete and then go
through the, the, the foundation.
Yeah. If you're Superman or some shit, but the odds of that happening are very rare. Can it happen in training? Yes, of course. But I'm
talking about in real life, right? You would never jump into a two foot pool. So you would never sell into a support level. You sell at a
resistance level. Once price is at an area where it has had more than three touches. This right here is a valid resistance level. You
sell from a resistance to a support. You buy at a support into a resistance.
At no point. Do you flip those tables around? If the opportunity is not there, you simply don't do it. Let's say you really want to take the trade at this resistance level right here, please, by all means. But you need to be above it. Price cannot be below it. You need to be above it. You need to be above this area for you to really buy at this area. But if you're below it, what confirmation do you have that it's actually going to react from it? If it's yet to do it to the past, it's never done it. So why would it do it now?
So when it comes to area of interest placements, I need you guys to understand that you are placing in between this higher high and this higher low. And our job as traders, literally our only job is to wait for this retracement. So we know that this is bullish. Our job is to wait for this retracement to happen. And this retracement can literally happen anywhere, right? This can happen here and have the push up.
Here and have the push up here and have the push up. This retracement can literally happen anywhere in the chart. Now we have a higher probability of it having a reaction from here than from here. Why? Simply because if you look to the left, this area has only been respected one time. And this area here, this area here has been respected four times, five times. So if the market makes it to this area, the odds of it reacting are going to be a lot higher.
Higher than this one. Can the market still have a reaction from this level? Of course. And it will. And then you won't be able to enter this trade here. But with a proper strategy and trading with a plan, you need to take the trade where it simply makes sense. And it will always make more sense to take the trade here than to take the trade here. So trading with areas of interest or support or resistance is literally getting you to be able to pretty much predict precisely where this retracement is going to happen.
This retracement has the highest probability to stop. Once it stops at this area, then you start to apply extra confirmations and then see if you're interested in entering the trade. This retracement is going to be a key fundamental to your success in trading. Whether you are patient enough for this retracement to happen or not, that is entirely up to you. I can't teach patience. I can teach you what you need to know in order for you to apply patience. But patience is what's going to either make or break you as a trader when it comes to applying any type of strategy.
So back to areas of interest. Areas of interest are placed in between the structure points. There is a never ending amount of areas of interest, right? If I were just to say just for example's purposes, I'd bring this structure level up here and I'd bring this structure level up here just for example's purposes. This right here would also be a another area of interest. Why? Because we have one, two, and then three. So this right here is a valid area of interest.
Area of interest. Now price is going to have a retracement. On this retracement, we can potentially have a push up or we can make it to this area and potentially have a push up. That is it. Our job as traders is to wait for the market to make it into this area. And when the market makes it into this area, we apply our strategy to enter the trade. That is it. You only buy at this support. Now let's say the market just keeps going into this area, keeps having a push down, keeps having a push down. And for
here, it just does something like this. It breaks below the area of interest. Do you still buy it? No, because we did not respect the area of interest because this market can now use this as resistance. What did I just say in this example over here? This example, you cannot buy at a resistance. So yes, even though we've had the retracements and we've broken below price, technically right now we are below this resistance. Exactly how we've been here. Exactly how we've been here.
And exactly how we've been here. So this is destined to literally create a move like this. Can there obviously be the event where it from here does this? Of course. And that will happen. And that is inevitable. But in order for you to enter this trade, you want to wait for it to actually break above this area and then use it as support. You need for it to actually come back and retest it as support. How it has done here and how it has done here. You need to use it when
price is above it, not when price is below it. Once price is broken above it and it comes back into it, that is when you use it. Could you use it right as soon as it breaks above it? Sure. But I'm going to be teaching you guys on how to have the extra confirmations to actually use it when it comes back into it and uses it as support. I'll explain all that later when we get to the entries and how to actually start applying a strategy. Right now, I'm just teaching you what areas of interest is, what is support and resistance. Like this is all very basic standard stuff. I haven't even taught you guys
anything of a strategy yet. The only thing that I did teach you is how to properly place this area
of interest. So many of these traders just place these areas of interest randomly in front of the
market and they just place it anywhere. They're literally just putting zones throughout the whole
entire chart and calling everything a supply and demand zone, an area of interest. So you could
just pretty much get bombarded by this information and you buy into their bullshit because they make
it seem like you need them. They're trying to manipulate you so they can get you to make them
feel like they have this better understanding of the market and that you need to learn from them
and you need to follow them. No, you don't have to do none of that shit. Having an area of interest
only makes sense to have it within the higher high and the higher low. Very fucking simple.
So can it break below it and can it start a reaction and move to the upside? Sure. Now,
this is where I would use this support level. If it breaks below it, I would not be buying below
it. I would only be using it if we break and retest above it. But for this example, let's
just say that we did something like this. Sure. Let's say we actually had to move and we had to
push to the upside. Cool. Our area of interest is validated. And guess what? What happens now?
Well, we have a new higher high. And where's the higher low? I don't know. Get the head of
the snake, start working our way back, make the first turn. And now that right there is going to
now be the higher low. All right, cool. That's the higher low. We got to start cooking again.
Got to start finding the next potential area of interest where this market is going to now have
a reaction from. So the way we find an area of interest properly, right, is by getting this
box at the top of the zone. And our job as traders is to start working our way down all
the way to that higher low and find points where the market could potentially have a reaction from.
So we start working our way down, working our way down, working our way down. Boom,
we run into the first resistance.
Is this a potential valid area of interest? No, because it only has one touch. Cool, cool, cool,
cool. We keep working our way down, keep working our way down, keep working our way down. Boom,
we run into a second spot. Well, you know what? This is actually pretty close to this spot.
And it's pretty close to this spot. Let's see if we can get a very tight, small zone. Sure.
Here we have one, two, and three. Three touches makes a valid area of interest.
So this is the first.
First potential area of where the market could have a retracement to then have a reaction to the
upside. That's just the first potential area. Right now, we have absolutely no idea from where
else. Bring out our trusty box. So we already understand this is area of interest one. Let's
keep working our way down. Boom, we run into this structure point right here.
Can we add another structure point right here? Sure. We have one, two. Is that a valid?
Area of interest? No. Can we make a big zone like this and we get one, two, three, four? Sure.
But the zones have a maximum and minimum sizing of these zones. And I'm going to get to the sizing
of these zones once we actually get to the charts. But the max a zone could be is going to be six.
Excuse me. It's going to be 60 pips. Max a zone.
Could be is 60 pips. Anything bigger than 60 pips, it will no longer be a valid area of interest.
So the max a area of interest could be is 60 pips. We're going to add this as another side note over
here. Alex, how do you measure the pips? I already taught you this. Use this tool over here to the
left-hand side. Start from the bottom, work your way up to the top. And what do you have here?
This zone is now going to be 70.
70 pips, making this too big of a zone. The biggest an area of interest could be is a total
of 60 pips. This zone right here is 70 pips, making it no longer valid. We start off from
this zone to right here. You can tell this is 28 pips. That is perfect. That is half of the
maximum a zone could be. Now, could you have something smaller? Yes. I'd say the smallest
a zone could be. So the max it could be is 60. And then the minimum it could be is five.
Pips. You'd never really go that small. But just in case if you do for people that ask that
question, a minimum of five pips. So this zone right here, as you can tell, it cannot be used as
a valid area of interest. One, because this one right here doesn't have a minimum of three touches.
And then that one right there is more than 60 pips. Right. So we start working our way down,
working our way down, working our way down. And boom, what do we run into? One, two,
and then three. What do we have here? A valid area of interest. Now, we can make this one very
tight. As you can tell, this one respects it very, very, very strong. So we can make this one five
pips like this, or we can make it the actual max length, which right here would be 62 pips.
Let's just call it 60 pips for this example purposes for us to then have a fourth structure
point. Could we do that? Sure. But personally, myself, I would much,
rather have this zone be as tight as it possibly can be. I wouldn't want to stretch it out to have
more touches. I would rather make it just be tight, the tighter, the better, and the more
respected it's going to be. So here we have one, two, three, and four. That right there is a
valid area of interest. Now, I know a lot of people in the past have asked me when I do classes
and when I educate people, can we consider the actual higher low a area of interest?
Of course. If the higher low happens to have three touches, sure. So for example purposes,
this one has one, none, and none. And no, we cannot go below the higher low to add touches
to the area of interest because if we go below the higher low, guess what happens? We are then
bearish, making this no longer a valid area of interest. So now this market right here,
we've just done the top-down analysis. We've determined that this market is bullish.
Now we've found two areas of interest. This right here is going to be daily area of interest
number one. And then this right here is going to be daily area of interest number two. So these
are two areas of interest where the market could have a retracement into this level.
And after having the retracement into this level, it could potentially have a reaction. Now again,
a big important thing is potentially. One of these areas of interest could do it or none of them.
Area of interest right here, area of interest number one is not stronger than area of interest
number two. Area of interest number two is not stronger than area of interest number one.
Quote unquote, obviously, if it has more touches, it's supposed to be stronger, but that doesn't
mean that I would prefer to enter the trade at area of interest number two, rather than area
of interest number one. They're both equally as much respected to me personally. And the only
reason why I would prefer to have more touches is inside of the area of interest is when it comes
to the entry signal. And I'll be explaining that later inside of the actual entry signal area.
But for right now to make a valid area of interest and to wait for the market to have a retracement,
this is all I need. I need my areas of interest and area of interest one is equally as strong as
area of interest two. I would never pick one over the other, even if this one has a hundred touches
and this one only has three. The market could have the reaction from both or from none. The market
can simply have a reaction to right here in the middle.
Have a push to the upside. And a lot of students ask me all the time, they're like, Alex, what
happens if the market does that? What happens if it actually has a retracement either in the middle
and it doesn't hit any of your areas of interest or right above your area of interest and it never
hits it. And then it has moved to the upside. What do you do then? The answer is nothing.
You don't do shit. That wasn't your trade. That never met your strategy. You move on to the next
fucking pair. Why are you trying to figure out to make something work when you already have
something?
That works. You just have to wait for it to happen. Why are you trying to make everything
work when all you have to do is wait for one thing to work? Don't try and catch every move. I don't,
I don't try and catch every move. You know how many moves I miss a week and I still predict the
overall trend, but they never come to my zone. So I never take the trade. I just say two to three
moves every single week, hundreds of pips, hundreds of thousands of dollars, but I also avoid hundreds
of pips. And I also avoid losing hundreds of thousands of dollars by sticking to my plan.
It's never worth.
Breaking my plan just to try and catch a move and prove a point, because I know how to trade,
or I know how to identify the trend waiting for the trade to these areas of interest is going to
be the key thing. So now let's say for example, this market actually does this, right? This market
has a push to the upside. This is the higher low. This is the new higher high. We'll make this a new
higher high. This would be the higher low. Obviously this area of interest is no longer
valid because if price gets to there.
We will then be bearish. And this, obviously this area of interest is no longer valid.
Now on the daily timeframe, if I were just to place this area of interest,
start working our way down, boom, we run into this structure level here.
And then guess what? That's it. There's no three touches here. There is no three touches here.
There's barely two touches here. Can there be a scenario where there is no area of interest?
Of course, this is a hundred percent of possibility. Does it happen? Very rarely does it
happen. But if it doesn't, it doesn't happen. If it doesn't, it doesn't happen. But if it doesn't,
it does, there's just simply no area of interest. You just simply go down to the next timeframe or
go up to the next timeframe and wait for an area of interest at that point.
Right now, I'm just teaching you what an area of interest is and how you can identify it. There's
110 million different what if possibilities and one of them is this. And if that happens,
well then that happens. Now let's say this market, for example, just does this.
All right, cool. Now what? We're bearish. This is the lower low. Where's the lower high? Right up.
At this point right here, if this is the lower high and this is the lower low, guess what? We're
now going to get our area of interest in between like this. And then we're going to do the exact
same thing. Just now working our way up because our job is to predict this pullback and on this
pullback for us to then potentially take this out. Now, where does this pullback stop? Well,
it's the same thing. We start working our way up. Boom. We run into this area right here. We have
one, two, and nothing else. Oh,
I lied. We look a little bit more left and bang. Cool. Let's call it right there. We have one,
two, and three. That right there, ladies and gentlemen, is a valid area of interest. That
right there is indeed considered an area of interest. Area of interest number one, one,
two, and three. Cool. We have the first area of interest. We just simply go ahead and start from
this point right here and keep going back. We have one, none, none, and none. No area of
interest. We keep working our way up. Boom. We run into this right here. One, two, and three.
So we already had this area of interest in the past. Very clean, very obvious. We keep working
from this point right here. We keep working our way up. Beep, beep, beep, beep, boom. Guess what
we run into here? One, two, and three. And I'm sure we can squeeze this one in here for four.
One, two, three, four. And then if we keep working our way from the top,
from this right here, keep working our way from all the way right here,
we run into that point. There's only one structure point there. And then there is another
one like this. How many pips is this? This is a total of 52 pips.
So technically on this lower low leg, there is a one, two, three, and four areas of interest
that the market can potentially have a reaction from. The market can have a pullback to either
here and have a reaction, here and have a reaction, here and have a reaction,
or here and have a reaction. Once again, is this something that can often happen that you would
have four areas of interest? Yes. But our job as traders is just to wait for the market to get to
every single one of these or whichever one of these it gets to, and then us apply the strategy
to it. I can say based off of my experience that if I were to have four areas of interest,
my strategy would probably have a full check off checklist at maybe one or two of these areas of
interest. Now, not because the area of interest isn't valid. It's just because the market isn't
going to react to every single one of these. It's probably going to break right through this one,
and then maybe here it'll have a little bit of a reaction, but then I don't get the proper entry
signal that I need. And then it'll actually make it to this area right here. And then here's where
I then get my entry signal, and then I actually take the trade. If I miss this trade at this area,
can then I enter the trade if it breaks below this area of interest to then sell?
Sure. Yes, you could do this. These are all different
possible potential scenarios and hypotheticals of things that can happen, but our job is to wait for
this retracement. So once we get this, we can then sell. So this is just a very simple example
of a sell market. Same exact thing. This is now the new lower low, for example. This is now the
new lower high. We could invalidate this area of interest. We could invalidate this area of
interest. This area of interest could stay because it's still within the lower high and the lower
low. We just do the exact same thing. We start working from the bottom right into this point
and find one, two, three, and let's just call this one four. Don't worry, I do this very fast
because I think I've been doing this for longer than I can remember. But here we have one, two,
three with this point right here, four, five, and six. So let's just say we have two areas of
interest in this market. Same exact thing. We're waiting for a pullback into here to then sell
or a pullback here into then sell. That right there, ladies and gentlemen, is how
area of interest works.
How you can spot it in the middle of the market and how you use it with market structure. Now,
we go do this in the real market in real time. It is no different, ladies and gentlemen. If we come
here to the weekly timeframe, we can only place a weekly area of interest within this higher high
and within this higher low. Now, same exact principle applies as to the trend. For you to
identify the area of interest is going to be the exact same thing. So here we're going to do weekly
area of interest, daily and area of interest. For our, there's going to be no area of interest.
So we only look for an area of interest on the weekly and on the daily. But we use these three
timeframes to identify the trend, but we only find an area of interest on the weekly and the
daily. Now, some of you guys may be asking, why are we going to only find an area of interest on
the weekly and the daily? Well, the truth is that the market is going to be respected so much,
more from the higher timeframes compared to the lower timeframes. In the four hour timeframe,
I have found that I can have 10 areas of interest. And I don't want 10 areas of interest. I want
maybe one, maybe two max three. I don't want more than three areas of the market can potentially
have a reaction from. And I always want to trade with the higher timeframes, not because I'm a
swing trader. I don't want you guys to get that confused. It's because I like to trade with the
higher timeframes backing my trade. Speaker 1
I want the weekly and the daily trend to be in my favor. So it can push my trade in that
direction. I want to buy or sell the market at a daily or weekly area of interest. So that support
level is being pushed by the higher timeframe. I want to buy at a daily support because that's,
what's going to give me that daily push to the upside. I don't want to do it off of a four hour,
a four hour area of interest could break a retest at 10 times within the same day
on the daily. It'll take much longer just simply because the candlesticks take much more
time to move. So they get respected a lot more. So in order for me to find an area of interest on
the weekly, I have to go back max five to six years, the exact same time it takes me to identify
the trend. And I only have an area of interest in between the weekly and the daily, no area of
interest on the four hour. So if I were to get this area of interest and I were just to drag it
left, I don't really have to go further back then let's say two years. But for example, right now
in the weekly timeframe, Speaker 1
we understand that that is, Speaker 1
the weekly higher high, that is the weekly higher low. And what we could start doing is working our
way down. If we start working our way down, when we run into, if we don't have a clear vision,
we can go to the market structure and the market structure. What do we have? For example,
right here, we have one, two, and three. Can that be a valid area of interest? Sure. Can we make
this a very tight area of interest like this? We have one, we have to include this one right here,
for it to be a valid one. One, two, and three, technically four, if we include this as well.
So we can probably move it up just a little bit and nothing else to the right. Now let's see how
that looks like on the daily with the candlesticks. Very clean on the daily, very clean elbow here,
very clean elbow here, and very clean elbow here. This one is not so clean on the candlestick chart,
but we'd still indeed have three very valid elbows, including the candlesticks. So maybe,
on the line chart, you can have 10 structure points, but when you go verify this on the actual
candlestick chart, you maybe only have five. So you always want to use the line chart to make it
an obvious area of interest after you make it an obvious area of interest, right? So we would also
have counted this right here. So that's an obvious elbow rejection from this area of interest.
We then go to the daily to confirm that it's a real rejection or a valid elbow.
And then there we would actually remove it and be like, okay, it's not as
clean, for example, as this one or this one or this one. These are more obvious reversal points.
So even then, this is still a valid area of interest. So this right here would be a weekly
area of interest. We keep going from this point down right here and keep working our way down.
So we go back to the line chart, switch the line chart, and on this line chart,
we're going to now identify the next potential area of interest. Start working our way down.
Working our way down. Then boom, we run into this right here. We have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 rejections
from this area. All right, cool. We can make this a very tight zone. Also by the way,
we have to measure this zone. I forgot it. So we measure this zone. We have a total of 54 pips. So
yes, this is a valid area of interest as long as it's below 60. Cool. This area right here, we have
1,
we have
two we have three we have four five and then six let's go check out the candlesticks to confirm
that that shit is legit this one's okay we have one this one's okay we have two for sure three
four and five for sure okay so we can technically remove this one i like this elbow i like this
elbow i like this i like this and i like this very clean break retest sell rejection sell cool
so that's area of interest too not bad so we have a weekly second area of interest next we're going
to continue going down we're going to go all the way until we make it to the higher low we stop at
the higher low every single time or we stop at the lower high if we're looking for sales right
so now we continue going to the downside and we then run into boom this
shortfall
structure point right here we have one two three four and five all right cool right here we also
have one two three four and five so if we were to once again get our trusty circle and do this
right here and i've never seen anybody do this how i'm walking with it like you guys right now
everybody tries just to speed through this stuff like i really want to genuinely take my time so
you guys can learn from this because i'm telling you i searched the internet for fucking months to
understand this
you guys have no idea we go back to the candlestick chart this is a clear rejection this is a clear
rejection very clear very clear and not so clear i would not count that as a structure point i
would count this one i would count this one yes and yes even then that is more than three that
makes that a valid area of interest now this right here technically are the three weekly areas of
interest this is weekly area of interest number one weekly area of interest number two and weekly
area of interest number three
that right there as you can tell ladies and gentlemen is a very clear indication that these
are the potential areas where the weekly time frame could have a retracement to buy retracement
to buy and then retracement to buy now what we would do is we would go down to then the daily
time frame right and on the daily time frame we're going to do the exact same thing but for
the daily higher low and for the daily higher high so we're going to have this blue on blue box be
the weekly area of interest and this blue on blue box be the weekly area of interest this is
the weekly area of interest but for the daily area of interest we're going to have a red outline
right so we're going to get this box right here and we're going to make the outline of this box
we're going to make it red so we can start off once again at the high of this market and we can
just basically start working our way down start working our way down we're basically going to run
into this structure area right here resistance supports supports and we can look more left
we're going to see more structure points coming up to the left
hand side over here in just a second we're going to see more structure points and the goal for us
to do here is just to try and minimize as much noise as possible and focus and as many things
as just focus on like the clear market structure points and right here as you can tell we can have
here one structure point up here to go a little bit more to the left and then we can also focus
on one two three four five six seven all right so we have more than three for sure let's look at it
on the candlestick chart so right here as you can tell we have
one two three four five six seven eight nine at that point right there we got ten so obviously
there is also a valid daily area of interest right in here now you can tell what a coincidence that
that daily area of interest also happens to be the weekly area of interest right so just putting
that on to the side and that's going to be important later on all right but for now let's
just let's keep going right let's focus on from this high point up here working our way down
from this point right here and then boom we run into this next structure points that we have right
here obviously for just the simplicity of the video i've skipped this structure point and i've
gone to the more obvious one can there be more structure points at this area right here that i
have just identified over here and i go more to the left sure i'm sure we can find some structure
points there you can find three touches anywhere but our goal is to find the three closest touches
to where price is right now and the most relevant if you have to go back far left you could no
problem but you want to get to the point where you want to get to the point where you want to get
the most strongest and most relevant points now if you notice right here on the daily time from
what do we have right here well one two three four five how does this look like on the candlestick
chart perfect one two three four five we have another area of interest and what a
coincidence we can also align that with our daily higher low well would you look at that
we have weekly area of interest number two happens to also line up with our daily
area of interest number two so now this right here is pretty much a perfect coincidence right
i wish i would have known this before i even started this analysis it would have been easier
if it wasn't but it would have been easier because i could have separated the areas of
interest and stuff like that but this right here shows you how areas of interest from the
weekly and daily happen to align for this example right here we're going to go through all those
examples where they don't so for now we're just going to remove this weekly area of interest the
third one because there's so much that price has to come back through and actually
be able to break before getting there so now we go back to the weekly time frame this is what
it looks like this weekly area of interest happens to also be a daily area of interest
this weekly area of interest happens to also be this daily area of interest
so what do i like to do in a scenario like this when we have two overlapping areas of interest
what i like to do is to combine them as much as i can i like to find the happy medium
i try and see if i can make this area of interest right here on the daily somewhat fit in the middle
of this weekly area of interest and if it could still have more than three touches to fit inside
of this area of interest then i would just minimize throughout the top so as you can tell here i moved
it down a little bit and i have more taps here more tabs here more tabs here more tabs here
and what i try and do is just make this as tight as possible so 60 pips is the biggest but the
sweet spot is around 20 to 35 pips now this daily area of interest is right at that 25 pip mark and
squeeze this weekly area of interest to this structure point and then squeeze it right into
that daily structure point as well so if we go out to the weekly let's see if we have a minimum
of three touches with that right there as you can tell indeed we somewhat still do i would have to
move the weekly a little bit higher for us to actually get that right there for us to get that
right there and then in order for us to also count that structure point right there so right
there we are counting that structure point and that structure point what i could do here as
well is move the daily time frame up along with that weekly and then boom right there we have a
perfect daily area of interest that aligns with a weekly area of interest this is a beautiful sweet
spot this right here lets me know that if price retraces to this area which is where we are right
now not only are are we at a daily and weekly area of interest but they're both overlapping
and if it just doesn't get respected here then it has a higher probability of coming to this area
and then basically respecting and having a reaction from that point right there
this right here is beautiful i love to see this i love having both of these confirmations because
this just lets me know that these time frames are actually in sync the weekly and daily are in sync
areas of interest in sync all overall it makes sense to actually enter this trade as a buy
rather than a sell because at the end of the day that's all we're trying to do we're trying
to make this trade make more sense that it's going to go to the upside and to the downside
so right now this is very very very simple over the top top down analysis now again
if this looks a little bit confusing you know you don't have to leave these lines up here you can
you can move them if you want i like leaving them sometimes because it just gives me an overall idea
of where the market is and it lets me know that i should only be focusing inside of this
zone right here and it lets me know that all i have to do as a trader right now is wait for price
to actually have a retracement into this zone for the market to have a reaction from there or let
the price come into this zone and then let the market have a reaction from there this right here
and that's when i wanted to make the Mexico
and as you look at the main view here there's some amazing Wave
and so I want to show you just kind of want to make you better able to understand
what is that Wave and what it means that the Wave didn't have these two bottom two
persist between some cases so let's move ahead and let's test this
out and just look if you had any good visual ideas of this kind of driving trend
like if i were just to focus on this move right here this looks like a perfect break then a retest
to this structure point and then a push to the upside what a coincidence that that structure
point happens to be the weekly area of interest and also the daily area of interest and also at
that daily higher level if i were to pick an area of interest if i were to pick one over the other
i would for sure pick this one just because it's more of a textbook trade when you see a textbook
move you see something like this comes back to this structure point then it just continues to
go up you ask me that is exactly what this is right here that is the previous structure point
that is the break and now we are on the way to retest that to potentially have this move to
the upside so that right there is just basic market structure i have taught you guys what
is top-down analysis how to use these time frames in sync to determine if something is bullish or
bearish and how to place a proper area of interest all of this is quote unquote still
very beginner stuff but also getting into a bit intermediate
it's just simply because all you need now is just practice go out there and go practice this
because that is going to be the crucial part of you to actually perfect it and see it as effectively
and as quick as i do but to this right here what i am showing you guys this took me a year to
understand a year to really like get it and like put it into practice this took me such a long time
and so many wasted hours of just placing market structure incorrectly putting areas of interest
areas where it didn't even make sense just so much waste of time which obviously led to waste of
money that you guys can't even fathom like i'm making all of this in one video but i also don't
want to overload you on information that it's just me repeating myself and i want to make sure
that you get the point perfect and then you can go on and go practice it right so right now that is
top-down analysis that is how it is worked we do a top-down analysis from the weekly to the daily to
the four hour to determine if something is bullish or if something is bearish once you determine that
time frame and sync how we have here for the weekly time frame where this would be the higher
high and this would be the higher low we then go ahead to the daily time frame we identify the
higher high and then we identify the higher low we didn't just do it on the four hour just to see
if we have that added time frame then we place our areas of interest within these higher highs
and higher lows and then we can tell that we're only looking at this right here in the market
and we're waiting for the market to come back retest this zone apply the strategy here if we
don't get it then we won't be able to do anything about it so i'm going to show you how to do it
wait for the strategy to get applied here. Now, once again, if the market for some reason
somehow breaks below this area of interest, could we then have a reaction from the middle of this
area? Do we buy in the middle? No. Do we buy at the bottom? No. You have to wait for the break of
it, come back, retest it, and then you have the trade to the upside. This right here would be the
perfect trade setup as long as we are above the support level. We either take the trade fully at
this area of interest or above this area of interest or above this area of interest. There's
no ifs, ands, or buts about that. You need to buy the support and you need to sell at a resistance.
Now, for a sell, pretty much just the complete opposite. You can literally just flip the chart,
you right click this section in trading view, and then you click invert scale, and then it's pretty
much the same exact thing. You have the bearish move, you have to wait for it to come back to
retest this structure point to then sell, or you would have to wait for price to then come back
and then retail.
This structure point over here to then sell. Either one are equally as strong and each one
of them are equally as valid. You just have to wait for the strategy to be aligned at that point.
So with that being said, let's move on to our next point, which is going to be
kind of hand in hand with what we are talking about with right now. And it's probably going
to be one of the most common things you've heard if you've heard anything about trading.
And probably one of the main things that I personally use on a daily basis. And it's
going to go hand in hand with everything that we're talking about.
Right here. And that is going to be break of structure slash break and retest slash
touch slash shift of structure.
All of this right here.
Is almost the same thing, this one right here is the only one that is different to every single one
of these break of structure.
chotch and shift of structure are all the same shit so let's start off with break of structure
right this market right here is clearly bullish right you know that already we know that this is
the higher high and we know that this is the higher low cool what happens if this does this
well shit fuck we just broke the structure we broke the higher low we shifted the structure
we chotch what the fuck is chotch i don't know all these fugazi traders came up with this shit
chotch is equal to change of character this is what chotch means change of character change of
character it they were identifying this that the character or the what it identifies as
was bullish now it has changed that identity to now bearish same fucking shit as shift of
structure
same fucking shit as break of structure it pisses me off how they put all these different names to
all these same exact shit they just fucking complicate everything change of character is
when the market shifts when you change it from bullish to bearish simple break of structure is
when this is the previous structure and we break it shift of structure is when this structure shifts
from bullish to bearish easy change of character is when you change identity from being bullish to
then being bearish
simple now what is breaking and you guys already know this i have pretty much have been doing this
for the last two hours right doing shift of structure doing breaks of structure now what
is a break in retest now this one is uh probably the the easiest one to explain so i'd say price
is currently being held up at a resistance level how we were previously right or how we were doing
for these examples right so this right here is a valid level of resistance so the resistance is
clearly trapped within this spot right here
and we know we cannot actually enter the trade at this resistance what would we need for the market
to do we would need for the market to break above this area and come back into this area to then
actually buy we need to buy above it well this right here is called break and retest and break
and retest is exactly what it says like the name of it it's a fucking break and retest it is
extremely easy it is extremely self-explanatory all you do is you break and retest and then you
is wait for the break and the retest for you to take the trade to the upside that is it it is
really that simple break and retest are very crucial for you to take whether it be on a area
of interest whether it be at a resistance use as support at a support use as resistance you can
only take the trade once you've had the break and then the retest i get thousands of messages
throughout the weeks of asking hey alex can i enter the trade at the break at the high yes you
could you could enter the trade at the break just understand you cannot add that as a break and
retest confluence we're going to get into confluences later into this video but you
understand that it's just a break it's not a retest a retest is when something comes back
it retests it it uses it as support and then
you
can be interested in buying the trade to the upside because that's where you anticipate for
this trade to actually have the move to the upside could you count something as a breakout
and add it as a confluence as a breakout sure but it's always a 50 50 chance if it's going to come
back and retest this point now if it comes back and retest this point it is once again another 50
50 chance that it's going to actually have the reaction from it because it could have just done
this right here and this is a fake out this is a liquidity grab and then guess what it continued
back into this area and then price stays ranging in the zone or just rejecting this resistance
personally myself i rarely i say 30 of the time i get a breakout i enter at the breakout now the
breakout as you can tell i'm doing everything based off of market structure the breakout is
based off of the candlestick of the market it's not based off of the wick it's not based off of
the the tail the dough it's all based off of the actual market structure so it's not based off of the
body candlestick closing above this zone so this zone is at these structure points it's at these
bodies and right now we have a body that has actually closed above this area that right there
is a confirmed break now i sometimes enter on that break just depends on the momentum where i
am in the week as a trader as a whole where's my mindset how much i'm risking how many confluences
i have but the correct thing to do is to wait for the retest now in the retest you want to wait for
body to retest this area and then you get some wick rejections and those wick rejections is one
of your entry confirmations to enter the trade so can you enter the trade on the body closure above
this area sure but you can only enter properly on the retest and then you need proper body
rejections on that retest perfect example can literally be this right here as you can tell
this is a very valid level of resistance as you can tell here this is resistance
resistance resistance very valid resistance and area of interest as you can tell this right here
these are all wicks this is not market structure this is all that price once upon a time at one
point was a full blue candle full green candle full strong candle up here but guess what it was
never strong enough and it always closed below so that right there makes that a non-confirmation
of a break above that area if we go and look at this
on the
actual market structure which is based off of the line chart as you can tell market structure never
broke above that but the one time that it did break above that guess what happened price came
back and then we retested it we body candlestick closed above with this very very strong candle
then we got a retest and then we bought could you have entered at the breakout yes would you have
much been better off entering at the retest yes but these break and retest examples are literally
everywhere
in the market I can just simply go to the last and across guarantee you I can find another
one of these inches has simple likeeducation any possible scenario at any possible time for him disappointed examples
are perfect example BS this right here is technically air resistance that receive the most
free touches we look at this on the actual market structure of time for him you can see how this
market structure has more than 12打 ו מצeters they confirm it with the actual body candlesticks
you notice here
this never body candlestick closed above never body candlestick closed above never body candlestick
closed above and guess what body candlestick closed above let's say in this scenario we
were waiting for the retest guess what happened we never retested it we missed the trade it is
what it is it happens sometimes i enter the trade at the breakout sometimes i enter the trade on the
retest perfect example could be this right here we have resistance resistance right i can just move
this resistance a bit more up and this resistance right here you can tell we have resistance
resistance resistance resistance body candlestick close above retest it right there with that wick
on the daily time frame i know if we go to the four hour time frame it's a much cleaner retest
beautiful push to the upside this happens in cells equally as the amount of times many times as well
it also has fake outs and fake trades that actually never actually end up having to move
but there's other times where it also gets
move but there's other times where it also gets
move but there's other times where it also gets
very much respected but this right here of a break and retest is the most textbook example that i can
possibly give right here this is a resistance level and it's just one structure point not as
strong as if we were to have three but as you can tell right here we have broken this area
we retested this area then we head to the upside very very simple a break and retest is just
whenever we break an area and then we retest it and then we head to the downside examples like
these i can show you literally never ending perfect example is right here this is a very
strong resistance level we broke this area and then we came back and then we retested we sold off
another example that we could have is for example right here this is an area where i actually took
this loss on this trade right here this area right here we actually had this support this support we
got this break and then i waited for the retest and i just jumped off on the retest and guess what i
took the loss it is what it is it's okay it happens it's part of the process as you can tell
right here this is a very strong level of resistance and this right here was the resistance
structure structure structure structure we can go to the line chart to go ahead and confirm that
and once we look at that here on the market structure chart we can see that this was creating
structure points i don't know why there it is so we have one one two three
four and five very clean and obvious area of interest i would not count that one because
the candlestick isn't that clean one two and three and four and five we break this area
we retest it we head to the upside break and retest happens every single day on every single
possible market that you could imagine this is probably one of the most textbook things that
happen in the market and personally it's one of my favorite continuation patterns so a break and
retest is
a continuation pattern that happens once you are looking to either go with the trend or get out of
it but a break and retest is a trade continuation pattern because this is breaking out of this area
and it's continuing in that direction this right here as you can tell this was bullish in this
example it broke above created the new higher high it retested it trade continuation pattern
again i can show many more examples of it reversing and then just going in the complete
opposite direction but break and retest
is a trade continuation pattern with the market that it's going to be break and retesting for
now breakout works the same exact way so i call breakout the little brother of break and retest so
we have breakout and that's the example that i was giving once we actually have the breakout of
the area you can enter the trade once it breaks out without the retest i first like building the
foundation on break and retest because personally myself i want to trade with as many possible
confluences that i can and having that extra retest is going to be that extra confirmation
at no point do i want to have over exposure in the markets just because i want to enter a trade
i always want to be as less exposed as i possibly can so that's why i always create the base off of
the retest and if sometimes i get the breakout sure i could decide if i want to enter the trade
at that time but i'm going to make sure that i have in my mind that i need the retest in order
for me to actually enter the trade but break and retest is the exact same thing you either
enter at the breakout once it breaks out with the body candlestick closing above or you can then
wait for the retest sometimes you might miss out on some trades sometimes you might avoid some losses
but break and retest breakout is the most textbook trade continuation pattern known to exist
so now at this point you understand a lot right you understand the different types of markets that
you could be trading you would probably know how to understand top-down analysis and see if
something is bullish or bearish you know on what sections of the market to actually
find the market to actually find the market to actually find the market to actually find the market
focus on because the market is huge there could be a lot of noise either at the top or the bottom or
at the middle or and you simply don't know where to actually go and find the proper area for you
to go ahead and execute the trade so now you know the difference between actually finding the top or
the bottom of the market knowing where the market is and most importantly being able to place that
area of interest and how an area of interest could be combined with the weekly and the daily
and that you only need an area of interest on the weekly and you only need an area of interest on
the daily you don't need an area of interest on the four on the two hour and the one hour of the
30 minute or the 50 minute those time frames the area of interest is simply not going to be as
respected can you apply the same principle to it sure but it's just going to be a lot more high
risk and it's not going to make sense i personally myself i i think trading already is as a risk as
it is because the outcome is not guaranteed and i want to minimize that risk as much as i possibly
can by simply having the most amount of confluences or reasons in my favor and making sure that you're
on the higher time frames is that so now that you understand all of that you kind of have to
like read the more important candlesticks in front of the markets right because the candlestick the
markets are full of candlesticks all different types of candlesticks but there's certain candlesticks
that stand out on our key candlesticks in the chart and these candlesticks that i'm about to
educate you on right now are basically the top performing candlesticks in the market and they
happen everywhere in the chart they happen at the areas of interest they happen in the middle of the
chart where there's no area of interest they happen literally they happen everywhere anywhere
that you can think of it's going to happen but where they have the most
impact is at those areas of interest and at key points in the markets now i'm going to teach you
these patterns right now just so you can have them in the back of your mind and then you can
go look for them when you actually see the market you're going to see them randomly throughout the
market and i say they have a 70 percent of the time where they are actually respected but once
they're at a key point in the middle of the chart where there's no area of interest where there's no
respective point they're not supposed to be rejected because there's just simply no reason
for them to actually respect that so you've got to make sure that you read these candlesticks
for what they are and where they're supposed to be because yes you're going to get them in the middle
of the chart but doesn't mean that you just trade them because they happen in the middle of the chart
once again they need to happen at a key area of interest so let's break down these points right
now i'm going to be sharing with you these candlesticks that these are the only candlesticks
that you need to prioritize when it comes to analyzing the market is there other formations
yes i don't know any other formation that works anywhere near remotely as much as these
and i'm actually going to be eliminating some of these just because they're a bit complex
and they're not as strong it's only one of them and i'll be explaining why in just a second right
so i'm going to be showing you bullish candlestick patterns which are going to be these patterns
right here and i'm going to be showing you bearish candlestick patterns whatever i show you
on one side it's pretty much the same thing but just opposite on the other side right so i want
to i want you guys to have a clear understanding of exactly how it works once again so you have
the open of the candlestick so let's say this is a bullish candle so this is a bullish candlestick how
then this is how it closed this is the highest points in the candlestick which is where the wick
is and then this is the lowest point where the candlestick was which is where the bottom of the
wick is same exact thing right here you have the open of the markets and the market closed down
here but once upon a time it was a green candle creating a wick up here and once upon a time was
a very strong red candle all the way down here but the market has closed at this point so this right
here is how the wicks get formed and i just want to give you guys a very detailed breakdown information
about how the wicks get formed and how the wicks get formed and i've talked about it already and
i've shown it to you but i think a visual image like this is going to help one of the main
reversal candlestick patterns is going to be a doji and a spinning top so doji is very obvious
that there's a lot of indecision in the market both of these right here are indecision in the
markets but a full doji is a much more clear indecision in the market a doji is when the
market basically closes as a cross or closes as a plus sign however you want to see it
but what matters is that there is no body in this candlestick so as you can tell in this example
right here there's a green body and then there's a red body which leads you to understand that it
closed a little bit more in one direction versus the other even if it's something as small as that
there's a little bit more red there's a bit more strong sellers or they're closed green there's a
bit more green there's a bit more buyers if it closes as a complete doji like this it's a
that the market is completely standstill right the buyers in the
sellers cannot make up who's stronger or who is weaker and then it stayed with the body like this
this is a great point as an indecision right this is good for you to anticipate a continuation move
to in your direction or this is just so you have an idea how the market is moving
if i personally see the daily time frame that is having an indecision like this
after it comes back to a strong area of interest
logically in my mind i'm going to determine that as a slow down in price if i see a doji like this
example right here after i see a market that i've had a very strong push up and then on this push
up we are retesting this area of interest prices back at this area of interest this is a very well
respected weekly and daily area of interest for example that they both overlap and then at this
area of interest i then get a doji candlestick that is leading me to understand that this
pullback is potentially stopping and now the buyers that are at this support level are going to
the upside that right there to me is a great indication that this market is now slowing down
and that the next candlestick could potentially be an engulfing rejecting this area now if i were
to pick in between both of these if i were to pick in between a doji or a spinning top
i would obviously much rather have a bullish spinning top because then that just means that
the buyers are a bit stronger than the sellers but having a doji isn't a red flag either it is
equally as strong but just understanding that this just means undecision in the market
and this means that there's a bit more on either side depending on which one the body closes in
nonetheless this could be used as a perfect reversal and showing you that the market is ready
to move in the other direction that means that the market has been battling to go to either side
and it couldn't make up its mind and it closed like this now remember keynote for this the higher
the time frame the stronger the formation if you go down to the one minute time frame you're going
to form every single minutes if you're going to go to this to the 30 minute time frame these
formations happen every 30 minutes why because it just it moves a lot more it's a lot more volatile
probability that happening is a lot easier i like using these candlesticks to have my entry
or to determine if i'm going to enter a trade based off of like yes the 30 minute the one hour
the two hour but where i like to use these indecision candles and i'm going to teach you
how to use them later on is on the higher time frame seeing a daily
doji like this at an area of interest having a full 24 hour candlestick battle up and down and
close at an undecision candlestick like this that is amazing seeing a four hour candlestick like this
it's also good because it's four hours but then seeing a one hour candlestick it's okay and then
a 30 minute just loses less value the longer it takes for this to be created the more respect i'm
going to give to it but this as a whole could be used as a reversal and showing
slow down in the direction that i am interested in taking the trade this is just a very educational
candlestick and it's something that i use on every single time frame just on the higher time frame
obviously the more respected it's going to be moving after that we then have the hammer and
the inverted hammer so this is basically very similar to the spinning top but this is something
that would happen once we have reached this support level and then we basically close with
little to no wick
on the upside so this means that the momentum is extremely strong and the market opened up
sellers brought this price all the way down but buyers were so strong that it brought it all the
way up and actually had it close to the upside with that momentum so this was going to be a doji
where it was going to be a full cross but then the buyers were so strong that actually made it end up
closing to the upside this right here is an additional very strong and very powerful reversal
pattern i like to have this one as well
as once you have approached a support level because then this is showing that we are obviously
rejecting it and then we have taken out the lows next we have the inverted hammer so the inverted
hammer is actually what is like what i like to call a wick fill so that wick right there because
it's happening in the favor of the direction that we are going in is where the next candlestick can
anticipate to then fill that we notice this next candlestick has filled that perfectly
so if the dough if the wick is to the downside it's a rejection
if the wick is to the upside it's a fill only if we're at an area of interest
now this could again work on the one hour the four hour the daily the higher the time frame
the better so if this right here you get it that's great that's a rejection
could the next candlestick from that be a bullish engulfing yes if this is a wick like
this could the next candlestick be the bullish engulfing yes they're both equally as strong i
just personally like the wick fill a bit more just really depends on the trade but don't get me wrong a strong wick fill depends on the trade but don't get me wrong a strong wick build is very, very threatened though because this is a aloud and strong facing webs we are going to see if W trade is a holes that's potential or undemboxed pennies overall economies your
just really depends on the trade but don't get me wrong a strong wick or a strong hammer is a very
strong rejection next is a doji is a dragon fly doji so this is the bullshit that i'm talking
about this is pretty much the same shit as this they just decided to make the body a little bit
smaller and at the end of the day i'm gonna call it a hammer or a doji no matter what you might
see me call it doji more than dragon fly or a hammer but this is the exact same thing i don't
want to waste your time or get you distracted on having to remember the dragon fly doji when it's
pretty much the same shit as the hammer it just has a smaller body but it means the exact same
thing one is not stronger than the other the one that is stronger than all of these is going to be
the actual bullish engulfing candlestick so this bullish engulfing candlestick is one of my
favorite reversal patterns because this candlestick is showing power is showing strength and showing
that we are literally going in the complete opposite direction
it is showing that we are literally engulfing the bearers and we are going with the buyers
this candlestick needs to engulf the last candlestick and then the previous one minimum
to be considered as a bullish engulfing candlestick that's how i personally consider
the bullish engulfing candlestick others like for it to just be the previous small candle
i like for it to engulf a minimum of two candles just to show the strength of it
because that is what's going to lead me to enter the trade and have more confidence that it's going
to go in that direction
you
so if you have a bullish engulfing that means you want to buy in that direction and once again
that would happen at a support level if you have a doji or if you have a hammer or if you have a
inverted hammer whatever you want to call it and then the candlestick after that it's going to be
a bullish engulfing candlestick engulfing the hammer and then the bearish candlestick that it
was right here that right there is the perfect formation in my opinion and that is also known
as the morning star formation this pierced line
and i just jumped right through it this is I don't even know what this is this is just they made up this
formation in my opinion it's not even real they just tried to like take value away from the
bullish engulfing and validate something when it's not there if it's not a bullish engulfing
it's not a pure slime they tried to make something out of nothing no if it's not an engulfing it's
not strong enough i'm not taking the trade i am good and trust me i tried to figure this
out for way too long and then later throughout my journey i realized that i was just wasting my time
time and it makes more sense to just focus on one good candlestick formation and that's it
my favorite and above all is going to be the morning star formation the morning star formation
or the morning doji star formation but once again it's the same they've pretty much just
added an additional verb to it is going to be that this candlestick has engulfed both of these
candlesticks and it has that doji that i was just explaining either you have this bearish
candlestick right here and this one engulfs or if you have the shooting star to the downside
you have a bullish engulfing candlestick with the doji that right there is a morning star formation
this is my favorite and beyond candlestick formation because what it essentially does
is it combines the bullish engulfing and it adds it in with the inverted hammer or the doji
and you you're putting the engulfing and
the doji together now obviously if this example right here were to have a wig like that even
better but if it doesn't it's fine all that matters is that this candlestick has engulfed
the last two candles and that is what makes it a morning star formation last but not last and
definitely least is going to be this right here the three white soldiers and then the three black
crows i i don't know how it goes from white soldiers to then black crows i don't even know
how this makes any sense this candlestick formation is not even a real thing if you ask me it looks
exactly the same as the three cloud clover this three cloud clover looks exactly the same as the
three black crows three black three red candlesticks three red candlesticks looks exactly
the same to me these formations are total bullshit and they're simply a waste of time and there's no
need to even focus on them it makes more sense to just focus
on a formation that actually makes sense like the morning star formation the bullish engulfing and
then the hammer that is all you need when it comes to these candlesticks now for the bearish examples
it's pretty much the exact same thing just the complete opposite the shooting star is going to
be happening at a rejection as going to be happening at a resistance so if i just delete
all this right here real quick the shooting star you want it to be at a resistance so let's say
this market is trending to the downside and now we are retesting this resistance level
resistance
right here this resistance you're at this resistance level and then once again the camera
battery has died i guess i'm definitely i've been doing this for a while now i don't even know how
much time i'm into this video but i will tell you this i'm loving it i am very committed to continue
doing this right now one second and we're back over here now with the other camera angle so over
here on this bearish example we have this market being a bearish trending market and we are at this
resistance level where we're going to potentially be using it as resistance now these market
indications these market patterns are going to actually give us the indication that we're
actually rejecting it so once again price could come into this resistance level and then give us
a shooting star whether it be with a very small body whether it have a small body so it looks like
a doji so it looks like a hanging man or a shooting star as long as we have some type of
rejection at this area of interest it is considered in my opinion a doji so
this gravestone doji this formation right here is the exact same thing as the hanging man and the
shooting star in my opinion now if you combine that with the bearish engulfing candlestick that
is where you have the beautiful formation whether it's a doji or a shooting star or a hammer a
however you want to call it i just call them dojis honestly it's just so much fucking easier
so then this bearish engulfing candlestick is what's going to give you that beautiful and
evening star formation
the most beautiful formation morning star and then evening star formation and once again this right
here they just figured out a way to remix it and add the actual doji into it but it's all the exact
same thing as long as the candlestick engulfs the last two you have a beautiful formation where
you have a combination of a shooting star and an engulfing candlestick which makes the morning and
evening star formation now these candlesticks you're literally going to see them everywhere
right we can come here into the chart and then look at this for example right here
this right here is a bullish engulfing candlestick this candlestick has engulfed this candlestick
guess what happened after continuation push here we have a pull back to the uh to the to this
retracement break and retest what do we have here a beautiful hammer shooting star doji whatever the
actual name was it's the it's that type of candlestick what's the candlestick you get after
a beautiful bullish engulfing candlestick that eats the last two candlesticks this right here
is my formation of a
perfect morning star formation this right here is a beautiful formation continuing to this area over
here bullish pin bar rejection beautiful continuation push to the upside what do we
have here a beautiful morning star formation with these very very long doji wicks showing this
indication that we are in the rejection meaning once and upon a time we're fully read we rejected
we were fully read we rejected and we closed bullish obviously look what happened after so
as you can tell by the way this is a beautiful morning star formation this right here is a beautiful
things were never going things are never going to come out exactly textbook how they are here in the
picture right i wish but i'm not here to sell you a fantasy i'm not here to sell you a dream i'm
here to tell you straight up how it is it's never going to be perfect picture perfect exactly like
this it's going to have the formation and then it's going to be a little bit ugly kind of like
when you go on a date with a girl you meet on tinder like on the pictures they all look good
but when you meet them in person it's all like whatever i'll do it it i'm already
here kind of vibe right it is every single one of you people who see an agent face versus a
subsequently get Yuk fewer people and get these aching and vender's emotional off too don't
depend a lot we're already here right because everything how far way where you are everything job starts
and it ends up being a great time it's the exact same thing this for example right here is a perfect
doji bullish engulfing candlestick break and retest of this area of interest you buy you see
how now we're combining all of these things at the exact same time we have this very strong trend
right this is obviously being a bullish markets we have a break of this strong resistance we have
a retest we have a morning star formation with a doji that right there just right off the top of
the bar i just gave you five confluences on why you should take this trade you have two time frames
in sync you have area of interest you have break and retest and then you have a morning star
formation five confluences in 30 seconds on everything that i have just taught you in this
video could have easily gotten you to enter this trade at this retest have a very simple stop loss
and with a one to two risk to reward you could have made 118 pips you multiply whatever you
were going to risk times 118 this is easily a five to ten thousand dollar trade just showing
you guys how simple it is to buy a doji bullish engulfing candlestick break and retest of this
is and i'm just educating you guys on things that you are already seeing and i have been showing you
but you just didn't even know that they were there it's almost like playing words waldo
right when you play words waldo which is this game right here you pretty much don't know where
he is but as soon as as soon as i'm able to point out where is waldo you're almost going to be like
wow was he really there the whole entire time like i already found him so for example let's
say i spotted waldo right here for example and then once you spot him i'm totally
kidding i did not spot him but if you do spot him right off the bat once you see him you can't
unsee it it's the exact same thing when it comes to this training view and this example is right
here once you see these examples you can't unsee it perfect example of a morning star formation
being at an area that is not valid and it not working obviously if you notice right here this
is a beautiful doji shooting star whatever and then we have a beautiful morning star
formation it's not an engulfing because it didn't engulf this last candlestick right here
but where is this formation happening into it's happening into a resistance what happens after
it happens into a resistance obviously it's not going to respect it and then it goes to the
downside this is showing you the example that you can get these formations anywhere in the charts
but you need to get them at key areas that they are going to be respected if not it's just simply
going to be a complete waste you get all of these types of formations i'm talking about
everywhere in front of the markets at every
given point perfect example is right here very small morning star formation this candlestick
could have been bigger and maybe if it maybe it would have made a difference but that right there
to me is not a strong morning star formation i like for that morning bullish candlestick to be
strong i wanted to engulf that right there is an indication that it's going to continue going
in that direction i want it to be in control perfect example is like this one right here
this right here is a beautiful morning star formation bullish engulfing candlestick
it ate the last two candles beautiful push to the upside this right here is an evening star
formation and then it did not really engulf this candlestick right here so we had a little bit of
a push but then we continued going to the upside this right here is a very clean bearish engulfing
candlestick and then we had a very strong push to the downside very clean evening star formation
right here as well we're using this as a resistance point right here and then guess what
we're using this as a resistance point right here and then we're using this as a resistance point
down here we have a morning star formation this candlestick never really engulfed this one
so what happens we break to the downside this candlestick engulfs this candlestick beautiful
push to the upside this right here is a beautiful morning star formation this right here is if i
were to pick a formation that i can have time over time over time again it would literally be this
one right here beautiful morning star formation this candlestick engulfs this candle and this
and this candle because this is the last candle you want to make sure that it can engulf the body
of that move not the wick you want to make sure they can go off the body and if this body closes
above the body that is a beautiful engulfing candlestick of the last two candles and having
a beautiful push to the upside so for example this move right here actually had a beautiful
bearish engulfing candlestick it engulfed below this body right here simply did not have the move
there's times where that is going to happen as well but i love when the candlesticks actually
engulf the last body that to me is the most picasso thing the market can ever do look at
these beautiful morning star formations back to back that just happened right here this right here
like i would literally screenshot this and frame it and put it on my wall beautiful morning star
formation with a very slight i'm talking about a hairline break above the last body that right
there believe it or not
is the difference between an engulfing and not and if you were to see this one as well right here
this one as well has a beautiful morning star formation and that candlestick has very clearly
body candlestick closed above and look at the beautiful continuation push that it has had to
the upside right after that these formations are extremely powerful and they're going to happen
time and time and time and time and time and time and time again like for example this right here
this happened at a low of a market this is a
continuation pattern this is not supposed to happen at the bottom of the market if we're
identifying if this is bullish or bearish clearly this would have been the higher high this would
have been the higher low to a certain point right over here my trading view sometimes glitches so
this would be the higher low if we were to look at this based off of the market structure this
market indeed would be bearish right so this would be the lower low and then this would be the lower
high let's see how clean that looks on the candlestick chart arguably that can't be the lower
high so then let's say that would be the lower high it's not a one clean one candlestick pullback
so this is a bearish market i don't expect for a morning star formation to have a reaction
on a bearish market this formation is supposed to happen on a continuation this is a continuation if
this was bullish this is at a support level i would expect for this beautiful pattern to actually
have a push but obviously since it's happening in a bearish market it simply has no use compared how
it would if it were to be in a bullish market so
that is the importance of learning how to use these formations at the right times
because they're going to happen at all places in the markets they're going to happen while
the markets are going up or the markets are going down or the markets are going anywhere
but you need to make sure that you're actually applying it in the proper timing of the market
you need to apply the morning star when you're buying you need to buy the evening star
when you're when you're selling it's very clean morning star when buying evening star
when selling very simple very self-explanatory everything straight to the point so there is
hundreds of other formations right there's other different types of candlestick confirmations
there's other different types of confluences for you to actually use in your favor but the most
powerful ones are simply going to be the shooting stars and then the engulfing candlesticks you use
that in combination with a strong support level or a strong resistance and you already have a recipe
to have more than a 50 to 55
percent odds in your favor of a trade going in a certain direction compared to the other all right
ladies and gentlemen now we're going to move on to the next subject right so up to this point we've
talked about a lot now if at any point i like from this point going on forward you don't
understand something you don't have clear the market structure you don't have clear certain
candlesticks you don't have clear when it comes to the break and retest to the line charts to the
support and resistance areas of interest if any of that stuff is not clear take a pause and you're
pretty much ready to start to talk about further matches to hotーンsi 새로운ratee you're pretty
deep into the video as it is already and we have talked about a lot of things that
have taken me a very very very long time to actually understand and perfect now i don't
expect for you to perfect it right now that will pretty much be impossible because the only thing
that's going to perfect it is repetition and time looking at in the markets for yourself
setting up certain examples and just going over it over and over and over again i didn't
perfect this until about four and a half years in my journey simply because i wasted two years on just
then it took me about a year to actually really learn and perfect it simply because i was by
myself obviously if i was with a mentor i was with somebody that would teach me live every single day
kind of how i do every single day with my students that would have actually escalated and shortened
my journey i would have exhalated the amount of knowledge that i actually learned with stuff that
matters and it would have removed all the other bullshit so i wish i knew that earlier but
obviously you know that's why i'm doing this video now for you guys so once again if at this
point into the video there is something that is unclear pause go back refresh your notes watch it
over because what we're going to be talking about now are going to be pretty advanced stuff and it's
going to have everything intertwine and everything connect together market structure is going to come
together with patterns patterns going to come together with indicators all of this is going
to start coming together what is a inner cooler and now we're going to put all that together
which is going to make the engine work so that's exactly what we're going to get into now things
are going to get very very very uh how do i
say it um interesting from this point forward right so all i can say is pay attention don't
watch this video on two speed watch it on one speed just make sure you're actually doing this
effectively right so the last topic that we have talked about was a break and retest right break
and retest we understood that's when something literally has the break of an area we then retest
it to continue going to the upside so that right there is going to be a trend continuation pattern
that is my favorite
trend continuation pattern when it comes to the break and breakout retest breakout break and
retest are trend continuation patterns now there is reversal patterns so these patterns also let
you know that the market is going to go in the opposite direction so a reversal means that
something is going to go the other way what is a pattern a pattern is something that has happened
in the past so a reversal pattern is a pattern that's going to tell you the market is going to
shift so the main and once again there's hundreds of
reversal patterns out there right so i can go here into this pattern section and you know you're
going to get the x a b c d y pattern i don't even know how to place this but yes there
you can get any endless amount of examples you can get whatever this is right here and i would
never know how to teach you this because i've never used it i can only teach you the one and
only pattern you're going to need and that is going to be the head and shoulders pattern now once
Once again, if you have seen me anytime in the past trade, if you have seen any of my
clips, if you have seen me anywhere on social media, you would know that I have made so
much money off of this pattern right here.
This is my go-to pattern.
This is my shit right here.
I use this every single day in the market.
I wait for this pattern to create, and it's not so much about the actual pattern.
It's what this pattern actually means and how it does it.
And I'm going to make it make sense in just a second.
So my favorites and the only reversal pattern that you're going to need is going to be this
head and shoulders pattern.
This is where you have a left, this is where you have a head, and then this is where you
have a right shoulder.
So a regular head and shoulders pattern is a reversal for this market to continue now
going to the downside.
This head and shoulders pattern gets formed, and you guys should be writing this down.
This gets formed at the high of a market or at a resistance level, excuse me.
And then you have this reversal pattern that then lets you know that the market is now
going to start shifting to the downside.
At the bottom of a trend, you will then get what is called a inverted head and shoulders,
which is literally the complete opposite.
But this is now a reversal pattern to let you know that this market is now going to
go to the upside.
So there's a big difference in between a reversal pattern and a trend continuation pattern.
Reversal patterns literally mean the market is going to shift the other way.
Trade continuation patterns like the break and retest.
Are when market is continuously going in that direction.
These right here are constant break and retest to the upside.
These right here are constant break and retest to the downside.
These right here are constant breakouts, break and retest to the upside.
This right here is a reversal pattern and it changes the trend of a market.
This right here is a reversal pattern and it changes the trend of the market.
Now once again, this reversal pattern and like every other pattern, every other important
point in the market, this head and shoulders pattern is done.
we're going to call it head and shoulders, is done to the market structure. So what do I mean by
that? Well, that is done to the bodies of the candlestick. We are not including the wicks at
no point when identifying a head and shoulders. I'm going to teach you guys how to put this up
on the chart right now, but I want to educate you guys on the head and shoulders first. And
everything that we're going to be doing is based off of market structure. So this is what a pretty
head and shoulders looks like, but a real head and shoulders might look something like this.
For example, it might be at a slant. You might get a head that is a little bit smaller than
the right shoulder. And then you go get something like this. You can also get a head and shoulders
pattern that can be something like this, a big left shoulder, a big right shoulder, and a small
right shoulder, vice versa. You can get a very small right shoulder and a very big right shoulder.
You can get the structure point.
To be up here, you can get the slanted head and shoulders this way. You can get the slanted head
and shoulders like this. The head and shoulders is never going to be a beautiful textbook head
and shoulders pattern like this. Does it happen? Yes, but I will never aim to always have a perfect
one. The head and shoulders pattern is valid as long as it breaks the neckline. Now, what does
that mean, Alex? What do you mean breaking the neckline? Well, the head and shoulders pattern,
yes, it is a head and shoulders pattern, but
what is this right here, right? Give me one second. What is this right here? This right here
was a higher high. This right here was a higher low. What is this right here? That is a shift of
structure. That is a change of character. That is a break of structure. This is now bearish, right?
You got that, right? Confirmed. Now, this right here, what is that right there? That is our
potential right shoulder. So without you guys even
realizing, I have been showing you guys the head and shoulders this whole entire time. Like if you
guys go back into this recording, just go back five minutes, for example, just click the arrow
back. You guys are going to see that I've been showing you the head and shoulders this whole
entire fucking time is that I just never really exposed it to you. And now that I explained to you
what it is, it's almost like, oh my God, it's been right in front of me the whole entire time.
I just haven't realized it. But there is a big difference in between a valid head and shoulders
and an invalid head and shoulders. Now, this right here is a valid,
head and shoulders because we have broken this neckline. Since we have broken this neckline,
this is a valid head and shoulders. Now, this right here is not a valid head and shoulders.
We all know this, right? We know that this right now is a higher low and that this is a higher
high. We have gone through this a hundred times already. This is a higher high. This is a higher
low. And we know since we have not broken below this, we are still bullish.
This market is still very much bullish. That is the higher low. That is the higher high.
A reversal pattern, which is exactly what the head and shoulders is,
it needs to be a reversal pattern. Now, what is the best indication to let us know that this is a
reversal pattern? That we have shifted the structure. That means that this market is now
changing from bullish to bearish. It is shifting. It is breaking the structure.
So there's two ways that the head and shoulders could be valid. The head and shoulders could be
valid either.
If the head breaks the neckline, making this the lower low, and then we have a potential lower high
for a new lower low. So this would be a proper head and shoulders shift because of this point
right here. So you can take the trade either at the right shoulder or at the break and retest of
the neckline of the head and shoulders. So that the way that the head and shoulders works is you
can either sell at the right shoulder or sell at the left shoulder. So you can either sell at the
break and retest. Selling at the right shoulder is extremely high risk. I don't recommend it unless
you are an experienced trader. Selling at the break and retest of the head and shoulders is
where it is the proper reversal trade confirmation because you have the confirmed shift of structure.
The market has officially shifted bearish, right? So if you have this shift right here,
making this the lower low, technically this could come back here, create the lower high.
Then this is an area of interest up here, right? Let's just pretend like this has
three touches over here. Yes, you can sell at this area of interest. This could be a sell.
This could be your right shoulder. And yes, you can sell at this point right here. But the proper
trade is to sell at the retest of the neckline. Now the neckline is not going to be diagonal
because of this tool. So if you place this tool to these structure points, technically it's going
to come out diagonal. No, the neckline is going to be based off of the previous structure points,
which is basically where the higher low and the shift has been created, which will be right here.
This is the neckline. The neckline is not going to be this imaginary line that it gets drawn
depending off where the structure is. That's not how the neckline works. The neckline is
right here. It's always going to be at an area of interest as well. So the neckline of the head
and shoulders is going to be the retest of an area of interest. So now that you have multiple
confluences at the same time, you have a shift of structure. You have a reversal pattern. You
are breaking and retesting the neckline of the head and shoulders. And that also happens to be
an area of interest. You're seeing how everything is just
kind of coming along together. So one of the ways that you can execute the head and shoulders
is if it indeed breaks this higher low, and then we can sell at the right shoulder if we're at an
area of interest, or we can sell at the retest of the neckline. That is the one way the head
and shoulders will be valid. The head and shoulders will only be valid, and you guys should
be writing this down. The head and shoulders will only be valid once we break the neckline.
If we have not broken
the neckline, we cannot count it as a head and shoulders because it's not a confirmed head and
shoulders. This can basically come up into right here, even though that it's bearish,
right? Because this right here would be the lower low, and then this over here would now be the
lower high. And guess what? This can literally create an equal move and then have a move to
the upside. And then now we are bullish and we shifted above this. We cannot confirm
that this is a head and shoulders until we have not broken.
The neckline is the most important move for us to consider the valid head and shoulders.
Can you take it at the right shoulder? Yes, it's an extremely high risk, and that is up to you
depending on what you want to do. But the proper trade is at the break of the neckline, right? So
this is a first example, and this would make this head and shoulders very strong because it shifted
structure once, and then it's going to shift the structure pretty much for a second time over here,
because then this will turn into the lower low, and then this would turn into the lower high, right?
Or that's scenario one, meaning that the head breaks this higher low, so it sets up the perfect
right shoulder. Or the second way that you could do it is if the market is like this,
we are still very much bullish. This is the left, this is the head, this right now instead of it,
because if you were to look at this market like this, at no point in your life are you going to
be like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's going to be a right shoulder. No, you anticipate for
this to have a move like this. This market structure is bullish. You don't expect for
this to do this. This is bullish. You expect for this to continue going to the upside.
But for this example, let's say it's doing something like this. Now you can look at this
market and be like, damn, that is setting up a perfect head and shoulders. Let me take the trade
now. Well, you taking the trade now, one, you're not selling at an area of interest. Two,
you're selling on a bullish market because this is the higher high, and then this would be the
higher low. So you're already doing two things that simply just don't make any sense. Go find
me enough reasons for you to sell this trade. None. You're trading against the trends. You're
making a mistake. People try and jump the gun and trade based off of a potential head and
shoulders. That's not a confirmation. A confirmation is when it actually has the
break. So this right here would just be the potential right shoulder. And this would be
a confirmed head and shoulders once again, once we have broken the higher low. Now,
once we have broken the higher low, all we simply have to do is let price come back into this area,
retest this neckline, and then we will sell. So if this has
broken this area, guess what? That means that this is now the lower low,
and this over here is the lower high. If this is the lower high and this is the lower low,
what did I just teach you guys? I taught you guys that you're going to find an area of interest
in between this lower high and lower low. Start working your way up and boom,
what do you happen to find right here? This right here is an area of interest with three touches.
And what a coincidence, it is also the neckline of the left, the head, and the right shoulder.
That right there is how you're piecing together market structure, how you're piecing together area
of interest, how you're piecing together trend and a reversal pattern. Everything is just coming
together. And this is just one of the things that I'm going to be teaching you right now.
So once again, if there's something that you don't have clear, just take a pause, go back,
double check it, and then come back to this point right here. And if you're not subscribed,
hit the fucking subscribe button. So let's continue to go on with the head and shoulders pattern. Now,
let me just make a little note with that, because this is the lowest you're going to be
able to do on your screenshot. And that's when it's going to be an easy trade off here,
when you know there should be no holes, and you think it's a bad thing. So make note even
when you analyze the game, there should be a sense of interest that you're going to be using
something like this to sort of understand how it should be used. So if I guess I could get
myself a onesie first, and then try to pull out some of my
pretty carded hands here. Let me show you another exercise here. There are a couple
of things, and this is a huge cyberrace, but in the moment, I אני
slight cover-in. So you don't want your hands out the moment of pleasure because you're just trying to
to the upside. This right here, if you were to see this, you would still very much count it bearish.
Now, some people are better buyers than sellers. Some people are better sellers than buyers. It
just ends entirely up to you. Once again, if you don't have a clear indication on how to do that,
you can just flip the chart. But the principle applies exactly the same. Nothing will change
if it's bullish or if it's bearish. It's literally the exact same thing, right? So this right here,
we understand that this market is indeed bearish. Lower high, lower low, we haven't broken above,
nothing changes. Now, if this does this, now guess what? We have the confirmed break of this lower
high, making this the higher high. And if this is the higher high, we get the head of the snake,
the first turn that is going to be the higher low. So then this turns into the higher low.
That turns into the higher low. We could only find an area of interest inside of this higher
high.
And what a coincidence that it is literally at the neckline of this left head and right shoulder.
So you simply draw your head and shoulders. Obviously, it's the exact same example. I just
flipped the chart. But that's really how easy you can tell the difference in between one or the
other. So in the chart, it's going to be exactly the same, exactly just like this, right? So this
right here is the lower low. And then this over here is going to be the lower high.
So us as traders, we do not enter the trade on the breakout of the neckline. We
have to wait for price to come back into this area and then retest. And then once it retests,
then you look for those candlestick formations here. Since you're looking to sell, you look for
a bear shooting star and then a bearish engulfing candlestick to then continue pushing this trade
to the downside. That's pretty much it. That is exactly how the head and shoulders works. I can
literally show you. I'm talking about like hundreds of these examples every single day. I'm going to
show you with a real life example right here. So this right here is a ugly head and shoulders pattern.
This right here will be a left head and then a big right shoulder. Guess what? We came back over
here. We broke above the right shoulder. We broke the right shoulder. We retested the right shoulder
and then we started to have the push to the downside. You guys remember when I showed you
guys this trade before I was interested in taking it, how I was actually interested in taking it?
Well, look how it's moving now. Look where it is now. All because of this one hour left head,
right shoulder. The head and shoulder is equally as valuable. And I'm
it is used equally the same on every single timeframe. Now, obviously the higher the
timeframe, the stronger the pattern is going to be, but it's used the exact same way. You have
to wait for the break of the structure. So for example, right here, if we are looking for this
example right here, this, if we were to look at it on the market structure, you can see how we have
left head and right here, you never really anticipate a right shoulder until you actually
start to see it being created. So that right shoulder there is looking a little bit ugly,
but it is creating a right shoulder. And as you can tell, this is the higher low.
The higher high, we shifted the structure. So that's a good head and shoulders that we like to
see, but we never got the break of the neckline. So we're waiting for this break of the neckline
in order for us to then actually sell this trade. So as you can tell, no break of the neckline
there, we almost broke the neckline. We did nothing, went up to the upside. And then over
here, we actually broke the neckline, came back and retested it. And then we had a beautiful sell
to the downside. This is just based off of pure market structure. You can see here how this was
that it never broke the neckline left head. And then guess what? This right shoulder, this was the
higher high. And then this was the higher low. The market never broke this higher low and never
completed this right shoulder. It never created a proper reversal pattern. Now, don't get me wrong.
You're going to get these head and shoulders literally everywhere in the market. I'm talking
about in the middle of the chart at the top of the bottom. You want to make sure that you can
get this reversal pattern.
On areas that it actually will have a significant impact. You want to make sure that you're getting
this head and shoulders pattern at a resistance. If you're looking to sell, you want to make sure
you can have it at a support. If you're looking to buy perfect example of a beautiful head and
shoulders could be this example right here. Left head, right shoulder. Doesn't look clean
on the candlestick chart. Don't worry. Go to the line chart. Beautiful. I'm talking about
beautiful left head and then right shoulder price broke the neckline. We came back to
test it and then I ended up taking a loss and I'm a real one for doing this. You know, like I am in
control of this video right now. I can just pause the video and then just go find the perfect example
how it actually happened on that perfect example and then just show you how it wins every single
time. But I'm not going to do that because that's fucked up. Like I'm showing you guys real life
examples on trades that I personally have taken and trades that I have actually either made money
or lost money on even if they're not as perfect. It's going to, you know, it benefits me far more
because you guys will like me a lot more.
If I just set a perfect example and show you how exactly how it looks on a perfect scale and show
you how it works every single time. But that's not the reality of this. And that's the mistake that a
lot of these mentors make. Why are they making these videos? They always try and find a perfect
example just to show you. So it makes sense. I'm not doing that. I'm making it make sense
with real life examples. So you guys, when you guys go out there to the real world and go trade
the real markets, you're not fucking lost and you actually understand shit. And even though you have
a perfect head and shoulders pattern like this one, you can actually understand that there's
still a risk of losing no matter what.
So I'm protecting your capital. I'm just looking out as much as I possibly can. So I just wanted to
set that tonality because I've realized it throughout the videos that I could have done
so many different types of examples that would have made me look better, but it would have not
been the reality for you guys. And I just wanted to show you guys that, right? So for example,
here, this is another head and shoulders, how this was the higher high. This was the higher low
price never broke the neckline. We remained bullish. And even though right here, it probably
might've looked like it was going to create a beautiful right shoulder from this area could
have easily looked like it was going to be a perfect head and shoulders pattern.
So I'm going to go down and create a left head, right shoulder, excuse me, with a nap.
So examples like these, I'm telling you, they are literally never ending throughout the
whole entire video. These are literally everywhere in the charts. You're going to get them on
every single timeframe throughout any chart. I'm just looking through the left, finding
these head and shoulders when, and if they happen, but they happen all of the time at
every single place. For example, right here, you have a beautiful inverted head and shoulders
pattern right here.
So this right here is going to be the left.
This right here is going to be the right. I mean the head, excuse me. And then this
is going to be the right shoulder. You notice price broke. This neckline came back, retested
beautiful push to the upside. Once again, if it doesn't look super clean, you can go
out to the line chart. And then on the line chart, you can see it left head broke the
lower high structure point, came back to create the right shoulder break retest. And then
it went to the upside examples like these. And I want to find the, I remember that I
caught one the other day, I wonder where it is.
Speaker 1.: And, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's,
you know, they come very big. They could also come very small. So for example, you can
see this right here as like one ginormous head and shoulders, for example, like right
here, you have a ginormous left head and then a ginormous right shoulder, or you can
see a smaller head and shoulders right here, left head, and then a right shoulder. For
example, I'm telling you these, these are it's, it's literally my favorite reversal
pattern. If I go down to the 15 minute timeframe, you're going to see it more than ever. I think
it was NZD CAD. It was NZD CAD. NZD CAD. No, I think it was, Oh, it was NZD USD. Like this right
here is a beautiful trade setup that I had. I'm talking about phenomenal. Look at this right here.
Right? So this right here has a beautiful left head and then this broke the structure and created
this beautiful right shoulder for me, right? It's a very big head and shoulders. Now on this retest
of this neckline, I go down to the four hour. And when I go down to this four hour, I can see right
here. What do I see? I see a beautiful left head and then right shoulder retesting the bigger neck
line of the head and shoulders. So this is the big head and shoulders over here. And now this
is retesting the neckline, beautiful head and shoulders at the retest of it. Here's another
beautiful example of a beautiful head, left head, and then right shoulder. We broke, retested the
neckline, and then we sold right here. We have an inverted head and shoulders right here. We have
a left head and then the right shoulder trade continued to go to the upside up here. We have
another head and shoulders. We have left head and then right shoulder broke, retested, and then
went to the downside right here. We have another left. These things are just never ending head,
right shoulder. This right here is clearly an area of interest. So this was, I mean, you can
just look at it.
You could just look at this example like this, right? So let's say this is the higher, or let's,
let's not say this right here is the higher high, right? For example, this right here is the higher
high of this market. This right here is the higher low of this market. We know that this is
bullish. So in this market, we now get a perfect retest of this area. So right here, it looks like
we're creating the perfect base for the left for the head. Now you don't know a right shoulder is
coming. You just look, this looks like the base. This looks like it's just rejecting the structure
to potentially go to the upside, right?
And you get something like this. You get a little high and then it breaks. Now when it breaks is
when you realize, oh shit, this shit is actually bearish. This went from being bullish to bearish.
Now this higher low gets invalidated. This becomes the new lower low. You do your little
snake trick. This becomes the lower high. If that becomes the lower high, then we have to
look for an area of interest inside of this lower high and lower low. But first let's just make sure
that this candlestick has actually stopped at this area. There's, we need to have,
some type of slow down at this area. So we confirm that we're actually having that as the lower low.
Cause right now this looks like this became the new lower low. See what happens to the next candle.
Okay. This becomes okay. Perfect. That became the lower low. So now we're going to look for areas
of interest within this box, right? So we're going to go back out to the line chart. We're
going to start working our way up from this point right here. Start working our way up. Boom, right
here. We have one and then two, we can potentially have this as an area of interest. Let's see what
it looks like on the candle.
Stick chart. We have one. I'm sure we look more left. Uh, we have maybe three, one, two.
Doesn't look that clean. We start, we keep working our way up. We're going to probably run into this
area right here where we have one, two, and then three. If we look at it on the line chart,
you can tell we have very clean structure. We have one, two, three, four structure points.
And what a coincidence that it's also the neckline of the head and shoulders. Now this
line of the head and shoulders, we're going to wait for price to come back and then retest it.
So once price comes back and then retest it, we're going to wait for some type of rejection
confirmation like this evening star formation for us in order to enter this trade and have the
sell to the downside. So now this is the confirmation that the neckline, the head and
shoulders has broken. It has come back to retest it. We have our engulfing and then guess what?
Beautiful sell to the downside. That right there, ladies and gentlemen is a perfect example of a
head and shoulders. And this is just a random.
Chart that I found here on trading view, head and shoulders patterns happen literally everywhere
throughout the market. I can show you another one right here, left head, right shoulder. We broke
the neckline, came back and retest it. You can see right here, left head, right shoulder. What
matters is that it shifted from being this, the higher low to this being the higher high. We
shifted the structure. So we go from being bullish to then bearish, and then we create the new lower
low.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
We come back, we create the retest, and then we sell. That is the beauty of the head and shoulders
that it is a reversal pattern. And it is literally showing you it's hand first. You're letting the
market create the move before it even had, like you're letting the market do the move for you,
where you're letting the market literally have the pattern. So you can just simply follow it.
You don't even have to think. All you simply have to do is just react to the pattern. And I
know I have many, many, many more examples. I think I have one on GBP USD not so long ago
that I took as well. That was a beautiful head and shoulders. I think.
I think it was somewhere. Okay. Look, for example, right here. So right here, GBP USD, once again,
we have left head, right shoulder. We break that neckline, come back and retest. And then we sell
examples of these are literally everywhere. And it it's just called the head and shoulders pattern
because that's just what it is, but it's really just a reversal pattern. For example, right here,
you have this market that is bullish. This market right here is bullish, right?
This market was creating higher highs, higher loads, higher highs. And then
guess what? We shifted the structure. So if this is the higher low, and then this is the higher
high, this at this point did not shift the market structure. This market was still bullish up to
this point right here. But guess what? We broke the neckline. We came back to retest it. And then
guess what happens after retest and neckline beautiful sales to the downside. This right
here is the beauty of the reversal pattern. Now it's not that I'm looking for specifically
a head and shoulders pattern. No, what I'm looking for is,
or this right here is that shift of structure, the market going from bullish to bearish. That
is the reversal pattern. That is the indication that I'm looking for in order for me to be
interested in this trade. It's the shift of the structure, whether it happens from the,
uh, the push from the head or whether it happens from the break of the neckline of the actual head
and shoulders. And like, I'm just so passionate about these head and shoulders that I can literally
be on here for hours, just showing you examples of head and shoulders alone, just literally head
and shoulders everywhere. Like there's another one right here. I'm trying to find like an ugly
one. Cause sometimes there is some ugly ones. I mean, this is kind of like an ugly one in a way,
in my opinion, because this one's like not super clean left head and then right shoulder. All that
matters is that we broke the structure, retested the neckline. We then had to push to the upside.
I see these patterns happen every single day, everywhere in the market, either at tops or
bottoms. And for me, it's my personal favorite reversal pattern. And it lets me know that the
market is indeed respecting the structure.
Perfect example could also be this right here, this inverted head and shoulders right here. We
have this left, this head, and then this right shoulder. We break the neckline. So as you can
tell this right here is going to be the lower high of this market. If this is the lower high
of this market, and then this is going to be the lower low, that lower high and lower low gets what
happens. We break that neckline. We break that lower high. We break the lower low. We then break
above it, come back, retest it, have the bullish.
It's like this is a golfing candlestick. And look at this beautiful push to the upside.
I just can't get over it. I just can't get over how many times this pattern happens all the
time. Perfect examples right here. On a head and shoulders that it did not respect it. So
technically, you can call this the left, the head, and then the right shoulder. And if you
were to call this right here the higher low, technically it did break that neckline. So if
you were to call this the higher low, and this the higher high, for examples purposes. This right
technically it did break that structure and we did come back and then retest it and it could have
sold off but personally i would have not counted this as a right shoulder for me that would have
just been way too small or right shoulder would have not been as clear like i want the right
shoulder to be obvious i want you to be actually be able to spot the shoulder very perfect example
could be this one here as well and i know i'm beating out a dead horse here but i know that
the repetition is what's going to lead you guys to success i know that's what's going to make you
guys see the things how i see it because what makes me a profitable trader and be able to see
the markets how i see it it's not something secret that i know it's the amount of times that i've
seen this and i actually could understand it better than anybody else because i've seen it so
much right here we have a left head and then guess what we never broke that higher low so then this
never created the right shoulder if we look at this on the neckline i mean on the line chart
this is technically going to be the higher high right here this is technically going to be the
higher low right here
you
so as you can tell price never broke below that higher low so while this was creating that
potential right shoulder for us to then sell is right there that looks like it can create the
perfect right shoulder we never broke below the higher low we continue having this push to the
upside so ladies and gentlemen head and shoulders pattern is my favorite reversal pattern but not
because of the actual pattern itself it's because of how it is done and that is with
the shift of structure from the higher low to the higher high or once we actually break the neckline
we come back and we retest it and then we sell head and shoulders is my favorite and most effective
reversal pattern now to this we're going to add what is also called as a indicator right so an indicator is
obviously exactly what it's named an indicator right it's going to indicate to you that the market is either going to
to do one thing or do another right so there's many different types of indicators you know we
can go here into the indicator section of trading view and this area alone you can pretty much click
every single one of these and you're going to have a billion different types of indicators they all
supposedly know what's going to happen next there is always a new indicator they're always doing
updated indicators there's always going to be different types of indicators that the market
is going to offer now the only indicator that i personally use is the ema exponential moving
average now i use this or you guys can see it over here ema so the moving average exponential
i don't know why it says ema and then the wording of it is completely different but it is the
exponential moving average or the moving average exponential potato potato the same thing you guys
understand
you
i only use an indicator by accident i was never planning to use an indicator for me the indicators
i tried to have many different types of indicators i tried to do the indicator crossover so it's
where you have like five of them and then whenever all of these different types of indicators
whenever they all cross over that's when you would sell below it or whenever the price would cross
above all of them that's when you would buy with it it's all bullshit at the end of the day
indicator is
a delayed line on the chart based off of price it's never going to predict the future because
it needs the current price to be able to like create the indicator and it can never create
future price because it doesn't have the future price it's just an added confluence right so
whenever you see price you're going to see this little blue line that pretty much just follows it
everywhere it goes now this blue line is literally exactly what it seems to be it's like a dynamic
support and resistance level that follows price
whenever you're above the indicator it is used as supports whenever you're below the indicator
it is used as resistance now this indicator like i just mentioned i came across it by accident i was
just pretty much searching the internet for all different types of profitable indicators and
there's just really one that stuck out that is the exponential moving average for you to get
access to this exponential moving average just type ema and then it's going to pop up as the
20 the 50 the 100 and the 100 and the 100 and the 100 and the 100 and the 100 and the 100 and the 100 and the
the 200 so i want you guys to go ahead and click on that and once you guys click on it you guys
are going to see how you're going to get all these different types of indicators that pop up on your
chart you have here the the 20 the 20 is always going to be closest to the price because it just
moves as close as it can to the price then you're going to have the 50 which is the one that i use
and it's this other blue one right here then you're going to have the 100 which is a bit further and
then you're going to have the 200 which just is even further all of these are fucking bullshit
pretty much but there's only one that sticks and that's the 50 ema so for you to get access to the
50 ema how i do just go ahead once again click ema and then you can just click on this section
right here and then once you click on this section then you want to make sure you can go to the
settings icon over here and then on the settings icon you're going to go to or how is it you
double click this right here visibility like this so what you're going to make sure is that you can
go ahead unclick the red one unclick the dark blue one
unclick the light blue one and then you're going to be left with the 50 ema the 50 ema is going to
be that orange one it's already a preset you notice if i unclick it it's literally right on
top of my blue one that i have i guess i just have an old indicator that i haven't updated and
i don't care to update it it's just there or i can just change it to this one but as you can tell
the 50 ema is going to be that middle indicator because it goes right over my blue line that i
have right there it's literally exactly the same so i'm going to go ahead and click on this one
and then that is pretty much how you place the indicator and how the indicator is used it's
basically a dynamic support and resistance whenever the price is moving up and you're
looking to buy at anywhere in this point right here you being above the ema is just an added
confluence if you're looking to buy here for example and you're above the ema it's just an
added confluence if you're looking to sell over here and you're above the ema there's something
to take into consideration over here you're buying it's above whenever
price going down it's below whenever you go above it's a it's just it's always delayed in my
opinion i just have it honestly because i think it looks cool but there is some certain scenarios
where it happens to line up perfectly with certain areas of interest and certain points
for example like the one hour right here right so for the one hour as you can tell we have the
head and shoulders pattern left head right shoulder right we already understood that we have the neck
line of the head and shoulders and then guess what price broke this area came back to the
retest the area of interest retest the ema i mean it retests the area of interest the neckline of
the head and shoulders and it also happens to have the ema at that area it's all a piecing of puzzle
all together if i were to compare this to something of an engine of a vehicle it's almost
like having the hood of the car do you need the hood of the car to drive the car no at all but it
completes the car right can you remove the hood and still drive 24 hours without the car turning
off it rain and the engine still be fine yes of course the hood does nothing other than just give
the car an aesthetic look and it just completes the vehicle and it also protects your engine
parts so i don't know somebody doesn't steal something from it but you can drive the car
without the hood so the ema is like the hood it's just like the cherry on top it completes the trade
for whenever it is needed and you want to add it as a confidence for example on the one hour
time frame this ema is used as a resistance
to then sell but if we were to go out to then the four hour on the four hour you can tell that we
are above the ema and now it's going to potentially reject it to then head to the upside potentially
on the daily time frame we're extremely far from the ema for example and on the weekly time frame
we are even further away from that ema so the ema it is not used just based off of entry time
frames right i don't use it just on the lower time frames for this example it just happened
to line up i can find a different example of a trade that i took
for example let's just say this one right here the one hour time frame when i was interested in
taking this trade i happened to be a little bit below the ema cool that was an added confluence
on the four hour time frame when i went to go take the trade i was a little bit above it
on the daily time frame when i went to go take the trade i was very above it
so the ema is really not used at all i just want to educate you on what it is
so you don't go out there like a maniac trying to figure out the secret formula behind
it because the truth of the matter is that there is none there is no secret formula to the ema
sometimes it's good to be above it sometimes it doesn't even matter i personally when i go grade
my trade the ema is literally at the bottom of the list like after i do all of my analysis and
i do all of my checklists and i do everything i'm like oh where's the ema is it there or not oh it
is okay cool it's not okay cool it doesn't matter it does not complete my trade it does not take
away from my trade and it doesn't do anything for my trade
the only again for example here i'm selling it we're below in the four hour cool
let's see on the one hour time frame what are we doing over here trying to make it back over
to price on the one hour time frame perfect as soon as i sold i happened to be below it as well
what a coincidence for this example over here when i happened to buy i was below it so technically
i was breaking the rule the ema is nothing but a delayed support and resistance you placing
a area of interest like this how i have placed it right here is
far more accurate than the ema because the area of interest is going to be valid for the real
market structure and for the weekly for the daily for the four hour for the one hour it's all going
to be the same thing not like the ema how it is subjective and it moves based off of the
time frame depending on the time frame that you are it is going to be a bit closer a bit further
it's going to be added it's not going to be added now once again there is hundreds of different emas
the ema is simply just a dynamic situation or more like a four-hour managing an emailям access speed
supportive resistance that holds price up supposedly whenever you're above it and whenever
you're below it it pushes price down it is a delayed indicator and it has zero importance
when it comes to trading you're not going to build a whole entire trading strategy just based
off of ema this would be a cherry on top on your trade when you go enter it if you have it you have
it if you don't you don't so i'm just going to remove this here so i just don't have that extra
indicator for no reason but the ema is pretty much just a extra tool to call it now you're
understanding head and shoulders you're understanding ema you're understanding market
structure top down analysis areas of interest blah blah these are all different ways on how
to read the market now what if i told you that everything that i have just taught you
sets up the perfect trade based off confluences so there's something called confluence trading
and confluences
are literally what i have been talking about every single pretty much time that i go trade every
single moment i have this confluence i don't have this confidence i have this i don't have this
confluence trading is literally having the most amount of reasons to enter the trade or not it's
like right now i'm trying to invite my buddy out to go out to the bar with me to go drink i can't
even remember the last time i went to i don't think i've ever gone to a bar to go have a beer
right but just just for example right let's say i want to invite my friend to go out to the bar
hey bro bars are i don't even know it's happy hour um there's going to be a lot of um college
girls there and uh i don't even know what people do at bars but right i'm just trying to give him
as many possible reasons to convince my friend to come to the bar right and go have a drink with me
bro beers are half off there's going to be a lot of pretty women free nachos and on top of that
they're playing a football game you say all that to your friend and he's like and you know what
you're doing you're playing a football game you're playing a game you're playing a game you're playing a game
so you you basically made it make sense for your friend to be at the bar with you rather than be
home confluence trading is really no different than that but it's just you know it's just
revolved around money and you can actually do something with your life right you can actually
capitalize off of it aside from just wasting your time at a bar drinking beer so when you go
confluence trading you try and add as many possible things together to the trade for it to
logically make sense for the trade to actually go in one direction or the other right so you can
either go down or it can continue to go up right if you at any point in your life you figure out if
the market does either one of those two things you fucking call me right because you're onto
something special or there's something wrong with the market but in my humble seven years
of trading in these markets i have never seen the market do anything other than from this point
right here go up or go down so it's already a
50 50 chance but now what if i told you that if at this area right here there is seven reasons
on why it has a higher probability of going up than going down well it just simply makes more
sense to buy than to sell it that's really it at no point in my trading am i 100 confident
that this trade is going to go in one direction or the other i just simply have so many reasons
for it to go in that direction and i'm not going to go in that direction i'm going to go in that
direction versus the other that i go ahead and risk money behind it but i don't have inside
information i don't predict the future i don't have a crystal ball i am not an alien right i just
have a logical amount of reasons on why it's going to go up rather than down and that is all
based off of everything that i've taught you on this video first thing for example is this market
bullish bullish or bearish all right cool well this market is bullish all right cool so that's
the first thing we got right we're ready we already understand the market is bullish cool
well where's the market right now well this market is at an area of interest that it's a
respected area of interest shit all right cool cool cool so we are at an area of interest so
this area of interest is obviously a very well respected support and resistance we're above it
it could be used as support okay cool so right now we understand we have two of these confluences
in our favor all right cool what else do we have so we also have at this area let's say this is
the daily time frame or the four hour time frame has created a doji candlelight
stick an undecision candlestick and after this undecision candlestick it's created a morning star
formation wow we have a morning star formation for example morning star formation we have three
logical reasons on why this trade should go up or should go down now this is a simple very simple
confluence trading checklist that we can just i just built off of five seconds we understand
that we are having very clear indications that this should continue to go to the upside rather
than the downside we're at a support level we're trading with the trend and then we have our entry
signal go ahead we enter our trade and after we enter our trade guess what the trade does what it
does continue trading with the trend has a reaction from a support level and it has the
momentum based off of the entry signal confirmation that right there is literally confluence trading
now that's me not even including if we have the
ema me not including if maybe on the four hour time frame there's an inverted head and shoulders
over here that's me not including so many other little extra things that can be added to this for
it to make more sense right this is just me going off of three basic core foundations trend
area of interest and entry signal it simply makes more logical sense to enter this trade on a buy
rather than a sell and the best way that i can present this confluence trading is if you literally
go up to your your your parents your siblings your cousins your friends somebody that doesn't believe
in your trading journey or somebody doesn't even understand your trading journey and you literally
tell them all right you show them this chart for example right so let's say for example i'm going
to show you let's say uh let's say for example this market right here right right for example
let's say this market right here and you go ahead and tell them all right what do you think this
market is going to do do you think this market is going to go up or do you think this market is going
to go down. They're going to have no, right? Because you're going to show them an empty chart
like this. They're going to be like, dude, I have no idea up or down. Now they might be right or
they might be wrong. It's really a 50-50. It's not that hard to be right. It's just very hard to be
right consistently and profitably. And that is where having just a proper checklist and a proper
confluence list that changes all of that, right? So let's say you just tell your random family
member, your random friend or whoever, if this is going to go up or down and they just say,
I think it's going to go up or I think it's going to go down. And you tell them, okay,
let me tell you what I think. And then you start explaining to them. All right. Well,
this market structure is currently bearish. So this is the lower high. This right here is the
lower low. Secondly, after this market being bearish, this right here is a respected area
of interest. And we also happen to be very near the neckline of this head and shoulders,
which is a massive reversal pattern. To add to that, when we go down to the four hour,
the four hour is rejecting this.
Our EMA. And when we go down to the one hour, we're having a one hour pin bar rejection from
this area. They're going to look at you like if you're a fucking mad scientist and they're going
to be like, well, you're talking Chinese, but you know what? These are many things that I don't
know what they mean. And I guess it makes more sense to sell than to buy at this point. Just
for example, right? Just me right here. I pieced up a trade to make more sense to sell than to buy.
That is all confluence trading is, is you get everything that I have been teaching you,
which is just very over the top.
And by the way, these are more things that I can teach you later on, but these are just very over
the top things that make the trade make more sense, right? A better example could be this
trade, for example, right here that I was interested in taking, and I happened to miss out
or even this trade, for example, that I was interested in taking. We have the trend, the
lower time frame trend in our favor. We break this area. We come back to retest the neckline.
We are retesting the neckline of the area of interest. We have had a shift of structure.
We are rejecting the area of interest. We are rejecting
the EMA. And then we have a massive bearish engulfing candlestick. It just makes more sense
to sell than to buy. Confluence trading is literally building the perfect trade setup
for you to have the most amount of confluences in one direction or the other. Now I get this
asked all the time. Is there a minimum amount of confluences that I would have in order to take a
trade? And the answer is no. Why would I want to have a minimum amount of confluences? Like that
makes no sense to me.
You risk my money where my money is going to be the safest. I don't know why traders have this
perception of high risk, high reward, right? Or people that just get involved in trading. They
think, oh, whatever's high risk is high reward. Guys, we are not in the casino. We are not in
the, what's that thing that the, the, the parable, we're not in the parable. We're not in the lotto.
We don't want high risk. High risk actually means low reward. A trade that has zero
confluences is high risk. And if it has high comp, if it has high risk and no confluences,
the odds of you winning that are very low, right? So you're not going to have a very high return
on that. But now if a trade has eight confluences, for example, that makes that a very low risk
trade and meaning it's a very small chance that you're going to lose. So it makes more sense to
risk more money on that. And that is where you in turn have higher reward. You have
higher rewards on the low risk trades. Why? Because you're going to risk more money on
trades that have less odds of losing. You're not going to risk more money on a trade that has
higher odds of losing. If it has higher odds than losing, I don't even want to get involved.
I want to get involved when I have the least amount of chances of possibly losing. And that
is exactly what confluence trading is. You're building a approach to a trade where it simply
makes more sense to do one thing rather than the other.
Perfect example is right here. This trade right here, we were rejecting this very strong area of
interest. The daily time frame was bearish. This is a massive bearish engulfing pin bar rejection.
I then go down to the four hour time frame. We have a left head and a right shoulder. We break
this neckline. I go down to the one hour. On the one hour, we then have another left head,
right shoulder. On the right shoulder of the head and shoulders on the four hour, we break this
neckline. We come back, we retest, we reject the EMA and a massive one hour bearish engulfing
candlestick. I have just told you seven different confluences in five seconds off of everything
that I've just simply told you. Daily rejecting area of interest, daily bearish engulfing
candlestick, four hour head and shoulders candlesticks. Then you also have a break and
retest of that head and shoulders neckline. That's another confluence. And then on top of that,
you have a head and shoulders on the one hour time frame, break and retest in that neckline.
Rejecting the EMA and then your entry signal, which is the bearish engulfing candlestick on the
one hour. What else do you need for it to make more sense to buy? Now, don't get me wrong. There's
going to be times where you're going to have 10 confluences make sense on your trade. And then
guess what's going to happen? The trade will go in the opposite direction. There's no guarantee at
any given point that the trade is going to always win. No, but it just makes more logical sense.
That's why I tell people all the time. I think trading is the ultimate hack to making money
because I just think you can literally predict the future by just having the most amount of
reasons on why it's going to go in one direction versus the other. The best analogy that I can put
with that. It's almost like if you're going to go out there and go fishing, right? And let's say
you're going to go out there and go fishing. And you know, historically, when the waters are calm,
when there is a very bright, sunny day, no clouds, and you're the only person out there fishing,
and the tide is low, for example, I'm not a fisherman, right? I'm just making stuff up right
now. And the tide is low that the fish have nothing else to do, but eat, and they're going
to be looking for food. What if I told you that you can literally go, you can literally just sit
by the dock and wait for the weather conditions to give you that perfect condition. And then you
go out and fish at those times. Why are you going to go out and fish when it's cloudy,
when there's a hundred other boats out there, and when it's late at night or late in the afternoon,
when there's already a lot of fish out there? Why are you going to go out and fish when it's
been a feast? You won't do it. It simply doesn't make sense. You're going to go out there when it
makes sense, when you have all the proper conditions for you to go out there and actually
go and fish. This right here is you literally creating your condition. You're just sitting
on the sidelines, sitting here on the desk, and you're going to wait for the market to give you
that perfect entry signal for you to enter the trade. You're not going to just enter any trade
impulsively just because you have the opportunity to do that. Yes. Can you just get on your boat
at whatever point you want and go out there and fish? Yes, you could do that, but you're going
to waste fuel. You're going to waste time, waste bait, and then most importantly, waste your own
mental sanity because you just want to go fish whenever you want. And can you get lucky and
catch one or two fish? Sure. But that's not how you're going to sustainably catch a shit ton of
fish and make your family happy and bring food to the house. You're going to do that when you go do
it at the effective times where you're going to be able to optimize and grow the most and be able
to actually do it the most. And that's exactly what Confluence Trading is. You're building the
most amount of reasons on why the trades should go in the way.
One direction versus the other. And it's all a checklist. So for example, you can build your
own custom checklist. You can build a checklist, for example, just off of the confluences that I
have told you. The first one could be trend. The second one could be area of interest. The third
one could be entry. And then lastly, you can have patterns. So when you go analyze a trade,
you say, okay, we have the weekly and then the daily in our favor. All right, cool. That right
there, we have a
double check. We have two trends in our favor, right? So we have the weekly and the daily in
our favor. Are we at a weekly or at a daily area of interest? Well, right now we're in neither.
Okay. So you don't take a trade if you're not at the area of interest. You simply wait. Okay,
cool. And now we're at the area of interest, bet. We check that off the list. Now that we're at the
area of interest, do we just jump right into the trade? No, you need your entry signal, or you
could jump into the trade right if you want to. But the beauty of the entry check,
listen, the trading plan is that you know exactly the type of trade that you are taking. You're aware
of the decisions that you're making. You're not blind to it anymore. You know that you need
these four confirmations for you to take the trade. Now I have my own custom plan and I teach
this to my students literally every single week live. And I mentioned them and I review the trades
and stuff, but it's a very in-depth checklist that I have. And I would literally lose you guys
at this point right now, if I were to show it to you guys, I can literally have it right here.
It's like my perfect checklist.
If I were to show you guys that right now, you're going to be like, what the fuck? Because if you
guys are like already wow about certain stuff, I don't even think you guys are ready for this
checklist, but it is consistent of this core base right here. If a market is at a trend and you
actually have trending markets, that's already a plus. If you have a solid area of interest and
you're at an area of interest, that's already a plus. Now you need lastly, your entry confirmation.
Entry confirmation can be on the lower timeframes or the higher timeframes, depending on the type
of trade that you want to take. And then on top of that, you have either,
a very clean resistance area with a very clean area of interest as a resistance. We have broken
out of this area. Now we're retesting it. Now you have a trend continuation pattern. Cool. You have
a break in retest, or let's say that you are having this retest of this neckline and you're
selling at this area of interest. That area of interest also happens to be the area of interest
of the neckline of the head and shoulders. Boom, you have another confluence. This is all about
building the perfect trade. These are the checklists that you're going to have to do.
You need to go through in order for you to build that perfect trade. Does every single
trade need to have every single one of these checked off for it to be the lowest risk possible
trade? Yes. Does every single trade that you take need to have every single one of
these checked off for you to take the trade? No. And that right there, ladies and gentlemen,
is the problem with traders nowadays, since you don't have to mandatory check in somewhere
or check in with yourself.
That this is met. You're simply just taking a trade to take a trade and you're just entering
a market to enter a market with no real plan. That is the problem with trading nowadays and
traders. They're entering a trade without knowing where or why they're entering it,
and they don't have any form of verification to confirm what they're doing is correct.
This right here is the correct thing. This is just a very simple plan. You're trading with
the trend, you're buying or selling at a strong area of interest, and then you have your entry
confirmation. That right there is such a simple trading strategy.
And you can agree with any trader out there, whether they are any type of concept trader,
that they would agree with this right here. Even if we don't see the eye to eye on our
personal strategies, which is like how you actually optimize and get sniper entries.
Every strategy is built off of this foundation right here. There's no way it's there's just
no way it's not like an engine is just built of an engine block off of a transmission
and off of a cooling system, whether it's going to be Corvette, Mustang, Nissan, Toyota,
Infiniti, Lamborghini, Bugatti, Ferrari, it's all going to consist of the same thing,
engine, transmission, clutch, and cooling system. All cars are going to have that no matter what.
Now, some cars are going to have better performing parts, but it's going to have the same function.
That is exactly what this is right here. Some strategies are going to have different ways on
how to use the trend, different ways on how to use the area of interest, different ways on how
to use the entries or patterns, but it's all going to be off of the same.
This is the exact same exact thing. This core foundation of this trading plan right here.
And if you don't have this plan right here checked off, you should not take the trade.
The trade is going to be a high risk trade. High risk does not mean high reward. Having
all of these checked off will mean you have a low risk trade, which in turn means you
should risk more. And then there you have a high reward. Confluence trading has completely
changed my way of trading in the markets, has changed my life to be completely honest, because
I actually know exactly what I'm doing every single time when I go execute a trade.
And just based off of this simple video here today, you guys should be able to go ahead
and just use this basic foundation successfully and actually be able to see a difference in
your trading.
This right here is the game changer personally for me and for all of the students every single
week in the markets.
Now, you might want to see me actually break down this Confluence trading on an actual
market.
You might want to see me actually break this down in real time and put it to practice.
Now, I'm going to be doing that with you guys now on the trade that I actually took
and it made me $340,000 or something like that.
And that trade that I break down is a bit advanced.
And I am going to say some of the terms that you might not understand just yet.
But what I want you guys to do is pay attention to the core things, trend, area of interest
and entry signal.
So now, if you guys don't understand that just yet, once again, this video is not going
to go anywhere.
I think it's best if you just pause right now and go back and watch and make sure that
you learn those things.
So once you watch me actually break this trade down live and me executing in real time and
seeing the outcome of the trade, you guys can have that, oh, okay, now I understand
and I get that.
So me breaking down this trade in real life, I show you guys exactly where I was looking
to enter, my thought process behind it, and a little bit of a raw version of how I trade
by myself when it's either in New York session or London session and how I approach the market.
So I'm going to break this trade down for you guys right now in real time.
Let me show you guys how this goes down.
All right, good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
We got another interesting week ahead of us.
NZDUSD right now, the daily time frame, we're extremely bearish.
This is the lower high.
This is the lower low.
And as of right now, this is bearish because of this lower high and this lower low.
Not this lower high or this lower low.
This is actually just a very strong bearish confirmation within the lower high and the
lower low.
We rejected this area of interest very strongly and very nicely along with the EMA and we are potentially
almost creating like a right shoulder, literally a right shoulder to reject under this previous
structure level.
How we've done here in the past, we've literally broken through this area, retested it and
sold off.
That's exactly what I'm anticipating to happen here.
The four hour time frame, we're having a very clean four hour head and shoulders.
The four hour is bearish.
This is the lower high.
This is the lower low.
This is just to pull back into the area of interest and reject the area of interest along
with the EMA.
How we've done here.
Now we've got to be on the lookout.
Because we did this last time, literally broke below, retested and had the engulfing
and we didn't.
So this area is not as respected as you would expect.
You see here we broke below once.
We came back through and we just completely violated and we didn't respect it.
We did it here once again.
And we've done it here multiple times.
Just because you have a rejection from this area of interest doesn't mean that it's ready
to enter.
So I'm going to wait for a bit more confirmation and I want the market to show me its hand
first by having a bit more of a push down.
Even if I get a little bit of a worse entry, that's fine.
All I've got to do is just make sure that my risk to reward makes sense.
And then my stop loss is anywhere from 10 to 15 pips above this wick over here.
So this is 13 pips right here.
I have to put it around 20, 23 pips.
And then my take profit, I'm going to aim for it to be somewhere around here in the
lows for a quick one to two.
So that's NZDUSD.
We have EuroGBP, which we have been waiting for this trade to come back up into this area
of interest for us to sell.
The price has not come back up into this area of interest, so as of right now, we're kind
of just waiting for the market to do that.
As of right now, we're literally just setting and forgetting until that happens.
USDCAD, waiting for this to make it back into this area of interest.
We actually took this trade last week.
We got wicked out and it went into some profit, but not our final take profit.
We're going to wait for it to come back and potentially retest this area of interest to
then buy.
It's a very clean trade along with very strong bullish moves.
And NZDCAD is probably one of my favorites.
I'm going to wait for it to come back and potentially retest this area of interest to
then buy.
As of right now, we are creating the perfect left head, right shoulder.
And I'm seeing that this is the potential perfect area for it to have the break of the
neckline of the head and shoulders to then have the retest and sell.
So I'm not going to do anything until we don't have that break and retest confirmation in
order for us to sell of this neckline of the head and shoulders.
And you're a JPY, not that interested right now.
So keep your eyes, keep you guys updated and we'll come back in a couple of hours.
All right, boys, market update.
So this is how we're looking on NZDUSD.
Beautiful push confirmation from the area exactly how we explained it.
Sucks a little bit because I got a worse entry than I wanted to.
I knew I should have waited for this quick pullback.
So I told you guys as soon as we had this four-hour bearish candlestick engulfing evening
star formation rejection from the EMA and this area of interest that I want to wait
for the market to show me its hand first.
And that's what it did.
So we had the continuation push.
So then here I went.
I entered.
I'm off of this.
I probably have worse entries because of like spread, but I always like to base it
off of trading view.
So I was going to wait for this week retracing, but I didn't.
So I just entered off of this confirmation here and I mean, it is what it is, right?
Not the best entry that I wanted to have, but I really care about is overall direction.
If this four-hour candlestick closes below the structure point, I didn't anticipate for
it to have a small retracement and then continue pushing to the downside.
But it is a very, very clean trade as of right now, the daily closes like this, we
have very strong push to the downside as well.
Four hour timeframe, just very solid.
Everything just looks very clean.
So moving very nicely.
Euro GBP, we're on our way to the area of interest, USD CAD had a reaction from this
area.
They don't really care about this one.
NZD CAD still waiting for the break and retest below and Euro JPY, nothing.
So NZD USD for now, we're going to set and forget.
So put a little marker just so we know exactly.
Okay.
That's where we last did our previous update.
So check back in, in a couple hours, that, and by the way, that was only like an hour
ago.
Well, this is why you have to fucking set and fucking forget.
The last time we did an update, it was here and it's having the retracement seems to
be on the 30 minute timeframe.
So 30 minute timeframe, it looks like it's going to create this very clean lower high,
which honestly it's even better.
I would much rather for this to close with a strong.
Do you like this?
And people would be like, wait, why?
Doesn't that mean that it's rejecting it?
And that's it necessarily.
It means that the lower time firms are creating that structured pullback.
And then the next candlestick on the higher timeframe will fill.
So it's going to be more of an aggressive push in that direction, but a little bit of
a red flag last time that we were here, we did the exact same break retest, very strong
bearish engulfing.
And then guess what happened?
We completely reversed.
So there's a probability of a red flag.
Last time that we were here, we did the exact same break retest.
Very strong bearish engulfing.
And then guess what happened?
We completely reversed.
So there's a probability of a red flag.
Last time that we were here, we did the exact same break retest.
Very strong bearish engulfing.
And then guess what happened?
We completely reversed.
So there's a probability of that happening here because last time we came here and rejected,
we reversed.
We rejected, we reversed.
Now, you know what they say, third time's a charm.
I'm not saying that's what's going to happen here, but you know, I'm going to, you know,
see what goes down.
All we got to do is just set and forget.
Whenever I enter a chart.
A trade, I commit to the trade.
I don't ever, ever, ever enter a trade and then get out of it before either hitting my
stop loss or my take profit.
Very radiant.
It's obviously a two, 3% chance to be one out of every 20 trades that I do that.
But it's not what I like to do.
Whenever I enter a trade, I made a decision that my mind is 100% convinced that this trade
is going to go in one direction.
One way or the other.
I've done all of the proper top down analysis.
I have done absolutely everything that I need to feel comfortable risking a hundred thousand
dollars behind this trade.
When I entered this trade, I was on a nonchalant approach and that says the decision that
I made was based off of probability and my strategy being made.
Now, as soon as you click that buy and sell button, you start thinking different because
now you're like, no, no, no, it's not, it's real.
Now the money can actually get lost.
You saw some profits.
Now you saw some.
You read and then your mind starts to change and I don't let that affect my decision at
the point when I took the trade because I trust myself.
I know when I take the trade, I know what state of mind I was in to take it.
I know that I did the proper analysis to go ahead and execute that trade to the best of
my ability.
So there is no reason why I should fuck with the trade if it doesn't hit my stop loss or
it doesn't hit my take profit.
If you do, then you simply weren't ready to go ahead and execute that trade when you
did.
So for me, we're just going to keep setting and forgetting.
So we'll update you guys in a little bit.
All right.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Market update.
Right now we are a little bit of profit in our NZDUSD trade.
So we literally had the exact retracement exactly how I anticipated.
We rejected from this high creating that right shoulder exactly how I anticipated.
Beautiful daily bearish push to the downside.
It's like a left head, right shoulder, and then there's a left head, right shoulder within
the right shoulder.
I love that.
So far it's moving pretty decent.
I would love it if this daily time frame can close with a very strong bearish candlestick.
We have about six hours left in this candlestick, so we'll see how that does.
The four hour time frame is still needing to break below this structure point to give
us that confirmation that we're going to have to push to the downside.
So I'm going to put my alarm down here to let me know once and if we actually decide
to do that.
And on the one hour, it's looking pretty decent because this is the one hour lower
high over here.
This is the one hour lower low.
And the same exact thing, if the four hour body closes below this, we create a new one
hour lower low, and it's just going to be all bearish to the downside from this point.
It pretty much should just be a free run to take profit zone.
I wish I would have had a higher TP with a better risk to reward because I could see
it reacting above this area and not making it all the way to my take profit, but we'll
see how that goes.
Euro GBP just made it to the area of interest.
We just got the alarm.
So I'm going to be waiting for some entry.
Entry signals to enter on this area, some decent rate, like bearish engulfing candlesticks
like this, like this.
I'm going to be interested in selling here.
USD CAD.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Yeah.
We got fucking diddied over here, dude.
Look at this bullshit.
Literally whipped this out by three pips and now flies to our take profit for a one to
four.
You can't make this shit up, bro.
That is what it is.
NZD CAD right now is perfectly cooking up the perfect left, head, right shoulder, having
that bearish engulfing candlestick.
Right now from this area.
And now it's just having a reaction above this area of interest.
Ever since the markets traded from Biden to Trump, what I've realized is that the markets
are just not respecting the head and shoulders at the right shoulder as it should before.
As soon as you get that right shoulder to form, I would sell off of that right shoulder
and anticipate the break of the neckline.
Now I can't do that.
I got to wait for the break and retest because just doesn't respect it the same as before.
So I'm waiting for that extra confirmation.
It's what you should do actually.
But before I was just more of a degen trader and I would just take it right at that right
shoulder.
And if I would have taken it here, I'd be in some drawdown, but the right thing to do
is at the break of that neckline.
So let's wait for that to cook up and a Euro JP JPY, nothing.
So let's just keep setting and forgetting NZD USD check back in a couple hours.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Hello update.
Hello update.
Hello update.
Hello.
Oh no.
No.
Tell me.
I hope I'm fucking up.
All right.
So market of the day, we are up around $88,000 right now.
So this is our trade right here.
You can see we're up 80 grand.
It's funny cause my screen is still broken and I'm up a hundred grand on this one trade
right here.
So definitely broke below the structure point right here.
We're moving very nicely.
Having a very clean push to the downside.
Okay.
And, yeah, I'm trying to fucking forget.
That's pretty much it.
This market hasn't rejected as much as I want to.
This is just absolutely ridiculous.
And NZDUSD is having a break and retest.
So we're going to wait for that.
So for now, let's see how the daily closes and we'll come back.
We'll update you guys.
Very strong movement.
So let's wait.
All right, boys, a little bit of a market update.
So that's been pretty much all day, just in meetings, worked out a little bit.
And this is how the market is looking right now.
So very clean continuation push to the downside.
We have stopped at this very strong level of support, exactly how we anticipated.
Right now we are up a solid, let me show you guys this.
Right now we are up about $123,000.
Oh, you guys cannot see it.
We're up $124,000 as of right now on NZDUSD.
I'm not going to lie.
I went a little bit low risk, like a fucking.
Bitch, I should have gone a bit more high risk and it is what it is.
Usually I risk anywhere from like 100 to 150 on this trade.
I went around like 70, 60, 75.
And I like that the fact that they had this strong bearish engulfing candlestick, but clearly that doesn't really mean much when price reaches this area because, you know, you can have a strong rejection from this level plus a strong bearish engulfing candlestick.
And then the next will just be a massive push up.
And this market was bearish.
When it did this move here, same exact thing here.
You can have a brown talking about this astronomical bearish pinball rejection from this area, reach this point and then have a push up.
Same thing here.
Very strong bearish candlestick into this area, then have a push up.
So exacting things are very for seven.
So like it's a pattern that has happened here.
I personally believe that this is the move that will break through that.
And if this is the move that breaks through that.
Well,
Boys, we're talking about massive downside potential from from this here.
Like this is literally going to be massive.
Is it worth the risk?
I don't know because I got to be realistic with myself, right?
Because here we have a massive left head, right shoulder.
We broke.
We retested the neckline.
Like I see this having a discontinuation push to the downside.
But I don't know if it'll happen this week.
Maybe it'll happen.
It is only Tuesday.
We still have a whole entire week ahead of us.
What I do know is this.
If it does have the breakthrough to this area, obviously we're going to catch much more risk to reward.
Let's say we're up a one to three, right?
One to four, right?
Which is awesome.
But I do know that if it does have that very strong weekly bearish engulfing candlestick, we can have a pretty big retracement to them.
So exactly how we did here.
Very strong breakthrough to this area.
Then we come back, retest it, and then we sell.
I'm not too concerned about missing out on money on this trade because I know it'll make it.
If it's not now, it'll make it down here.
So let's say I close right here, and then it does end up having the full push.
Will it suck?
Yes, obviously, because I missed out essentially on free money.
But I could very easily catch these sells once it does have that pullback.
The pullback of that happening is very high.
I'm just going to keep my eye on it right now.
I'm very confident on my analysis.
I don't like that.
I don't like that we are at this level when previously it's obviously reacted from it.
I'm just going to keep my eye on it.
If right now on that 30-minute timeframe we break above this structure point right here, I'm probably just going to get out of it there and just call it a trade and just not even look back.
And if it does somehow pull back up into this area, then I'm just going to be looking to enter new positions on it to sell.
But yeah, if it breaks above that structure point, I'm just going to take my profits and run.
If it doesn't come down, I'm going to keep holding.
So I'm going to keep monitoring this trade live as it goes because this can be a really, really, really big banger trade.
So I want to make sure that I'm on the lookout for it.
EuroGVP, on the other hand, right now, the daily timeframe has had a very clean rejection from this area.
The weekly timeframe didn't quite make it up to this area of interest how I wanted to.
Even though this area of interest, I could technically squeeze it up and make it a little bit higher.
Or I could also make it a little bit lower.
I can make it something like this.
On the daily timeframe, we have had this pullback and we have had this bit of a rejection.
Not my favorite.
Because if I enter the trade here and I put my stop loss around here.
So let's say this is 15 pips.
Let's say we make it at 25 pips.
And the next point where the market will potentially have a reaction can easily be this structure point right here.
Structure point here.
Structure point from this right here will be a 1 to 2.5.
Not a terrible trade.
But I do see some type of odds of this just coming in here and giving it a better rejection before actually having a push.
This is a perfect example right here.
Price actually came into this area and then it rejected and even though it did come back.
Same thing here.
I did these little minor wick rejection.
But then it actually brought some full body candlesticks in there.
So I'm just trying to avoid some unnecessary drawbacks.
Or a potential wick out.
We are bearish.
This is the lower high.
This is the lower low.
We have had a very clean shift of structure.
If we can break and retest this little head and shoulders right here.
I'm going to take this trade.
Clean.
If we break it clean.
I'm going to take this trade.
I'm going to wait for this to have a very clean break.
A clean retest.
And then I'm going to be interested in taking this trade to the downside.
Because I believe.
If it does that.
It will continue to have the push.
I believe if it doesn't do that.
Then it's just going to have a full push back up into here.
And then create a proper body structure rejection from this area.
Because if we look at this for the market structure.
For what it is.
The market structure technically hasn't made it into the area of interest.
You notice the structure is not there.
Structure is always the bodies.
Never the wicks.
And the bodies haven't made it.
It's only been the wicks.
So.
For now.
And that's crazy.
You guys see this right here.
These are notes from 2022.
That I put here on TradingView.
Monthly bullish.
On June 20th.
So that is literally 3 years ago.
Jesus.
I've been doing this for a long fucking time.
And some people in their first week.
They want to quit.
Isn't that crazy.
USDCAD.
Look at that.
A round of applause.
Ladies and gentlemen.
A round of applause.
USDCAD.
Wicked the south.
And flew to our take profit for a 1 to 4.
Wow.
We got.
Fucking.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
ladies and gentlemen you want to avoid a wick out don't trade that's all i can say if you're scared
of getting wicked out in the markets don't even get involved when you get to the market you're
prone to the risk and you're also exposed to the reward if you want the reward you simply have to
be ready to take the risk sometimes it's bullshit yes trust me it is it's part of the game but you
know what isn't bullshit that you forget to place a take profit and instead of it being a one to two
it goes to a one to seven that's happened to me before and i don't know about you but i don't
complain in those scenarios about free money right but i get it some people want to only focus
on the negative aspect of trading which are wick outs like this but never realize the reward and
the positive exposure that you're put out there when you actually take these trades so just put
those things into perspective when you actually go execute a trade yes can you get wicked out yes
is it avoidable yes
don't take the trade simple so usd cad very clean trade for now i'm not interested
nzd cad right now we are cooking up the perfect left head right shoulder waiting for this break
and retest of this neckline daily has had a very strong bearish pin bar currently accumulating at
this area and there's not really much that we can do other than just set and forget i'm gonna put
an alarm here at the neckline to let me know once and if it does break it but yeah i can't really
take a trade until it doesn't do that
and euro jpy uh it looks like it's having to move but i'm not really that interested in it
for now nzd usd is our priority euro gbp and the nzd cad so it's only tuesday we're already up
120 000 and i can see another trade a lot of people think that oh swing trading day trading
is hard it's not it's actually super easy because when you're taking trades that have
high probability trade setups you know they they tend to take their time to move in the
in their direction for me holding a trade anywhere for two to three days is a lot more
logical if the probabilities are there rather than scalpers that they want to enter in and out
of a trade in an hour and know if they won or if they lost well you're probably going to lose more
because the odds of the trade getting waked out on the lower time frame is a lot higher compared
to the higher time frame people always trade in the lower time frames for whatever reason because
they want the trades to be fast but that's never going to lead them to be profitable i don't know
i'm just ranting at this point let's check back in in a couple of hours for london session and let's
see what happens oh my what the oh my god yo what the bro what the we are up
right now yo you can't bro we are now up three hundred and thirty thousand dollars
out the same trade oh my god yo i was literally gonna i just got out the shower and i was like yo
let me go back and do the trade update saying that all right for london session i'm just gonna
decide to continue to hold holy oh my god oh what the is going on yo yo nzd cad we're waiting
to reach us in the next line oh my god bro we had the whole move already oh my god yo what happened
was there some news what the 10 p.m what the i mean ladies and gentlemen trade update
we're lit yo we're up 337 thousand three hundred forty thousand dollars you can't make this up you
guys have seen the whole entire process of this trade oh i'm buying some crazy shit that's it
i'm buying it i'm i'm i'm gonna buy another bugatti i i gotta do something bro i just made
a three hundred fifty thousand dollars wow well ladies and gentlemen that for you is a fucking
perfect example yo hold that hold that i gotta i gotta yo i'm gonna put this shit on twitter
right now all the haters are gonna fucking hate this shit oh bro i i i'm literally in shock i'm
in shock right now i'm in shock i did not expect this going to sleep right now i was literally
gonna go to bed early to wake up early bro this is insane i'm gonna focus ladies and gentlemen
market update nzd usd take profit fully officially fucking hit i am definitely gonna close this it
could still continue to go down but i will be closing this in the next 30 40 minutes i have
no intention to continue to hold this it's gone way past my take profit and i am not going to be
greedy i am gonna
know exactly like i know exactly what i'm doing here right i'm gonna just take my profits and
close it out where i'm more than i wanted to this is a situation where you cannot get greedy
let me post all this shit on social media real quick and i'll be right back all right give me a
second all right boys update so i officially closed the trade right now so we closed the trade at
jesus we closed the trade at
300 and
96 000 in profit and you can see that right there 349 000 in profit sorry can't forget that
motherfucker okay hi i think i see you come here come here come here come here you motherfucker
yeah yeah fuck with me all right fuck with me one more time you're gonna see what the fuck goes
down all right fucking motherfucker but on a serious note this is an absolute phenomenon of
a trade and i'm not gonna lie to you guys i'm not gonna lie to you guys i'm not gonna lie to you guys
this is a beautiful a perfect trade setup cannot ask for more i literally closed right at the
bottom here at a one to five risk to reward do i think this is going to continue to go down
yes but wow that was a great trade i am going to be honest ladies and gentlemen
i'm not trying to trade for the rest of the week i'm good i'm good
i'm literally good this is insane this is insane this is insane this is insane
so all i can say ladies and gentlemen at this point is i hope you guys enjoyed this video
trades like these are the ones that turn a somewhat profitable month into a very profitable
month you can't anticipate for one to five risk reward trades to come you can't anticipate for
massive moves like this all you could anticipate is how you're going to react when the market gets
to your one to two risk to reward profit how mine was
and then you make the decision to determine if you want to continue to hold right now that is the
only thing you can anticipate that is the only thing you can prepare for you cannot prepare for
anything else that is the only thing you need to focus on as a trader what you're going to do
when it comes to decision making with the market gets to a position like the one that it just did
right now are you going to decide to hold or are you going to decide to close now regardless of
the outcome let's say if i did
close this position at that point right there and this market did this one second after i closed it
would i have been mad of course right i'm human but you know what i would have done i would have
gone back to sleep and then i would have just pretended like it never happened the next night
ninety percent of you guys would be dreading on those profits for weeks months and that what it
does is that it gives you this constant negative energy approach in the market and it will no
matter what affect your decision to the next trade and that is what you need to control that is what
you need to master how you're going to react based on the decision that you make because if i decided
to close that position i need to be okay with the outcome whether it went back to break even or
whether it did what it did and if i if i decided to hold and now i reap the benefits of taking that
risk now i have to be ready to control my emotions i have to be ready and say you know what i'm done
i'm done i'm done i'm going to stop doing this because i'm done i'm done i'm done i'm done
now i know that the next week or if the next trade that i'm going to take is it a logical trade idea
or am i just making an impulsive move because i just made a lot of money and i want to make more
money if you notice the first thing i said as soon as i got back in here is i'm done trading
for the week because i know myself i know that now i feel like this and i want to go make
another 300 and close off at a million dollar week but i'm not going to do that right now i'm
not prepared for that uh those weren't my intentions for this week my intentions for this
and I stay true to my plan and my rules,
and that's why I'm at the position where I am.
And that's probably the best piece of advice
that I can give you right now.
All right, so you guys just saw me break down
that big trade that I took a couple of weeks ago,
and you guys saw different ways
of how I actually react to the market
when it does certain moves.
You guys probably saw some terminologies
that I've explained a little bit deeply
inside of this class,
other ones that I might've said over the top,
like previous structure point,
some types of shift to structure,
but it all comes down to the core foundation
of what I have taught you guys in this video right here.
Everything that I have taught you guys in this video
is exactly what you need to be able to understand
that market that I broke down 80%.
The other 20% is just simply based off of experience,
and then actually having a bit more knowledge
when it comes to defining the core points of my strategy,
which is like how to basically tie up
all these other extra confirmations,
extra shifts, and stuff like that.
So a lot of times,
I've done a lot of this stuff
where I've just been doing a lot of the same things
that I've done in the past,
like changing the structure,
putting into intertwined smaller areas of interest,
a certain type of engulfing after a certain timeframe.
These are all things that you're going to learn with time.
But if you notice,
the whole entire breakdown of the strategy,
everything on that trade that I took
was based off of trend,
was based off of an area of interest,
a pattern, which is head and shoulders,
and then my entry signal.
So I had to be extremely patient
when it came to actually executing this trade,
as you guys can tell.
And when it came to the take profit placement,
I was extremely patient and almost a little bit lucky
to actually capitalize off of it more than I should have.
Now, a very important thing
when it comes to that type of trading
is that you obviously are as unemotional
as you possibly can.
Sometimes I overreact a little bit for the camera.
Sometimes I generally do feel like that,
but that doesn't let me,
that doesn't affect my actual execution of the trade
or the way I manage it.
Like I follow a very strict plan.
I enter my trade,
I get out when it hits either my stop loss
or my take profit.
Whether I'm up a certain amount of money for the day
or whether I'm down a certain money
for the week or for the month.
I have pre-calculated the risk before I enter the trade
and I have a full understanding of the position that I'm in,
which is the most important part in trading,
is literally understanding the position
that you are interested in taking.
A lot of traders, once again,
don't know what type of a position
they're actually interested in entering into the market.
And that leads me to the next point,
which is how to actually,
do what I did, right?
Make a lot of money when it comes to trading.
And you can know the strategy all the way to the end.
You can perfect it exactly how I've perfected it
over the last four years.
But if you don't have a significant amount of funds,
you're simply not going to make it in trading.
Like I'm talking about,
you can literally learn the strategy,
have all the experience in the world,
but if you don't have the proper funds
or the proper way on how to manage these funds,
it means absolutely nothing.
In my trading journey, it took me about,
a year and a half to understand the market,
70% of how I know it now.
The other 30% of how I know it now
is just more intuition and a lot of experience.
But the core foundation of understanding
everything I've taught you in this video,
took me about a year and a half.
It took me about another year just to learn
how to actually manage the money and how to scale it.
One thing is reading the charts
and then another thing is actually trading
with real money behind it.
The best example,
the best analogy I can put is like going to go hunting.
You can know everything about the forest,
all the animals that are inside of the forest,
you can know all the possible trees,
you can know exactly how to load up your weapon,
you can clean it, you can align it,
you can polish it in the shooting range,
everything could be great.
And you know exactly how to make the noises
to attract the animals,
all of the preparation of going to go hunt,
you know it perfectly.
But at the point of actually executing and putting
the trigger once you see the animal on your scope
is a completely different scenario
prior to everything that you've done.
You can analyze the markets perfectly,
you can actually have the strategy to the T,
but actually executing that trade
with the proper risk management is where most traders fail.
Now, there's times where they execute things correctly
and there's other times where they execute things incorrectly
and then there's an inconsistency in their results.
Perfect example.
Let's go back to the shooting analogy or the hunting analogy.
Let's say the first time you go shoot an animal
or the first time you go hunt,
you actually hit your target and it's a success.
That's gonna give you a bit of a boost of confidence.
So your next time around to come hunt,
you might not have extra bullets,
you might not actually have your camouflage on,
maybe have a smaller scope
or you don't take as long to get the proper aim.
And then on that next shot, you actually miss your target.
Well, then that's going to decrease, you know,
decrease your confidence on the third shot.
Come the third shot, now you're overthinking everything,
you're over-preparing and then guess what?
You make too much noise, there's too much going on
and then the animals don't come
and then you scare them as a whole.
Now you're just a frustrated hunter
and then you basically end up hating the sport
because you found success at the beginning
and then what ended up happening is that
there was an inconsistency on that success at the beginning
and then you basically just gave up on it as a whole.
That's what happens to a lot of traders.
They go into the markets,
they might see a little bit of money
because they either got lucky or made the right decision
but then they get way too confident
and they start getting way too comfortable
and then they start being inconsistent with correct things
and then they start getting too deep into their head
and now they enter this negative spiral or even overthinking
and they have all of these opportunities
constantly being missed right in front of their face.
And this what ended up leading into is traders
just quitting trading
and they don't end up continuing with this journey.
Now, this is a very, very, very,
very common mistake of traders in any part of their journey
and with any part of the strategy
and it's the risk management and the money management side.
I personally, myself,
I think I've had one of the most legendary flips
in the industry which is turning $100 into a million
and a lot of people know me for this
but they don't know the preparation, the experience
and how many times I actually attempted to do this.
Like this was not an easy task.
I attempted to turn 100 into a million.
I think it took me a year and a half
to actually complete this.
One time, after trading like five times,
I took the account from $100 to about $330,000.
And in one single week,
I completely blew the whole entire account.
I took about a three month break
and then I come back
and I document the whole entire journey again,
literally showing you guys as transparent
as it can possibly be,
the before, the during, the after of every single position.
Exactly how I have just done in this last position right here
that I have just broken down.
I did the exact same thing when I was taking the 100 bucks.
I did the exact same thing when I was taking the 100 bucks
into the mill.
And if there's something that I learned in that journey
more than ever and what actually led me to the success,
it's not the decision making behind the trade,
it's the decision making behind the actual trade management
and the risk management.
When is the right time to hold the trade?
When is it not?
When is the right time to risk more?
When is it not?
And that is all based off of my clarity
when it comes to the charts.
Because I know how to read the charts.
I don't need to read more.
I don't need to read more of the charts.
Everything that I've taught you is everything you need to know trading.
I'm just repeating myself at this point.
But it's how I am mentally when I'm going to go read these charts.
Did I just go have a bad day at work?
Did I just have a great day at work?
Am I just looking to make some profit because I couldn't work this week?
Or am I just looking to double up from the profits from last week?
Am I looking to catch up?
Everything is how am I as a person when I am actually going to do this trade management
to do this account flipper scale?
So what I'm going to be breaking down for you guys right now is exactly how I took the
hundred bucks into a mill successfully and unsuccessfully.
The first time that I did it and then the second time that I did it, I'm going to break
down the risk management behind every single one of these trades that I did.
And you guys can go see this challenge for yourself.
I think there's a 10, 12, 13 part series.
It took me about three and a half months, nearly four months when I actually completed
it.
And I have a full series here on my YouTube channel if you guys can go ahead and go watch
it if you'd like.
But I'm going to summarize everything on this video right now.
So let me break it down for you guys.
All right.
So I'm going to break down to you guys the exact math that I used to take the hundred
bucks into the mill.
Now, I'm going to make this extremely clear right now.
I am not a financial advisor.
I'm not here giving you legal advice.
I'm just letting you know how I did this and I had some great experiences at times and
then some other times it was not so great.
And my decision making and my actual trade management is what led me to completing my
challenge of taking.
A hundred bucks into a mill.
Right.
But you want to make sure it's not financial advice.
I was trying to educate you guys on how I did it personally myself.
So when people think or people hear of me taking a hundred dollars into a mill, the
first thing immediate red flag is like impossible.
It is fake.
It is not true.
And I'm going to be honest.
I did not take a hundred dollars into a million.
That is actually impossible.
And I am here saying this on the record, there is no humanly possible way that I took one
singular.
A hundred dollar bill into a million.
That is just not possible.
But what I did do is that I did take the a hundred dollars into about $400.
And then I did take these $400 into about $3,200.
And then I did end up taking these $3,200 into about $8,000.
And then I know I was at break even with these $8,000 for roughly, let's call it two weeks.
But then I took this $8,000 into about $15,000.
Then I took these $15,000 from what I remember, I think it was around $30,000 after taking
these 15 to 30,000, then I know I lost it back to, I think, I think it was 17,000 more
or less.
Then I took the 17,000 all the way up to about 55 and then going from 55, everything was
pretty much history, right?
We go from 55.
55 to about 100, 100 to 300.
And then the 300, we just finish it off on a full live session.
At no point did I ever take one singular hundred dollar bill to a million.
What I ended up doing is I am constantly scaling and flipping this current account balance
to this, then this current account balance to then this, this to this, this to this.
And then it just constantly is scaling to the next level where my end goal.
It was to scale all the way to a million dollars and me taking this account up to this one
and then up to this one.
And then it's like me taking this 400 bucks into 3,200, taking this 3,200 to 8,000 is
with the exact strategy that I have just taught you in this video, there's just one
thing that led me to do this successfully and that is going to be risk management.
Risk management is what led me to be able to successfully scale this account and it's
how I did it.
I'm going to explain to you how I properly did it and I'm going to be extremely blunt
and I'm going to be extremely straight forward at this very point.
I did this because at no giving point was this starting balance a significant amount
of money for me.
I could have lost the account from this point right here and I did when we made it all the
way to 333,000, I think, or I think it was 308,000 or something like that.
I ended up blowing.
This 308,000, it was what I had in the balance of my MetaTrader five.
Now that is obviously a lot of money, right?
Even at the point where I am now, I'm extremely, you know, I've made multiple seven figures
in trading.
I recognize that that's a lot of money into that could be life changing to some people
and some people might've maybe not actually gone all the way and they would have probably
closed the accounts or, you know, called it there, right?
They would have not made it all the way to a million.
But the way that I looked at it is that I started off with a hundred bucks.
If I lose this $300,000, if I even lose the million dollars out of my own pocket, I'm
only losing a hundred bucks.
So the starting balance to me is not a significant amount of money.
So I am able to have a much more aggressive approach.
And this is something that is extremely aggressive.
This is something that I personally do not recommend for anybody to do.
If you are a beginner, I recommend you do this.
Okay.
I recommend that you actually, you know, learn trading and then you start with a significant
amount of money that does not mean something to you.
So for the first trade, what I always, always, always, always do is I always risk 100% of
the position.
So my first trade to me is simply the most important trade because you simply need to
get out of the hole, right?
You need to full port the account until you are not able to risk anymore.
So you don't even need to go to your position size calculator and pre-calculate.
Your risk, you have a hundred dollar account and you want to buy or sell a market.
For example, like the one that I'm in right now, you just simply go to a metatrader five,
you click on lots and you just try and put the max possible lots that you can.
Now two things are going to happen.
You're going to blow the a hundred bucks, how I've done tens of times, or you're simply
going to then scale your account to 400, 500, 300, whatever point where your trade
actually hits your take profit.
Now, once you get to this second point, now you're officially out of the hole.
So what you can decide to do at this point is either one, withdraw your original balance,
which is a hundred bucks, and then you're basically just playing with the house money
at this point and you have no risk.
So you should not have any care for what is going to happen from this point forward.
The money is not yours until it's not in your bank account.
And if it's inside of this trading platform, that is not your bank account.
That money is technically not yours yet.
So you need to treat this.
But then with a certain approach, I personally, myself on the next flip, I decided to go ahead
and then risk a hundred percent once again, after we then flip the second amount of money
to around 3,200, here's where I'll decide to slow down a little bit and then put the
brakes on.
I'll either go from 60% to about 50% risk from this point forward, because we're already
around two, three weeks ahead, right?
Every single one of these account flips that you're seeing right here, these are weeks
that are going by.
And to me, three weeks is a lot of time.
And I want to make sure that I'm not doing something that is just going to be a waste
of time, right?
Because time is money at the end of the day.
And if this were to be happening every day, sure, it's a lot easier to move this percentage
up and down, and I could have been even more aggressive.
But since at this point in the challenge, I'm already on the third week, I don't want
to be a whole entire month doing this challenge for me to just be overly aggressive and then
potentially break.
That's why I start to minimize my risk.
And all of this is by simply executing one single trade.
I'm not taking five trades a week.
I'm not taking three trades a week.
I'm not taking, I'm literally taking one single trade.
What I'm doing, and the best analogy, I know I have a lot of analogies, but the best analogy
that I can put to this is I am literally a baseball player standing at home base, and
I'm getting pitched a ball every single minute.
And I'm just standing there on home base, and I have endless amounts of pitches.
The pitcher is just a robot.
She's going to keep throwing balls, keep throwing balls.
And I'm not obligated to swing at any point.
I'm just there standing at home base, waiting for that perfect pitch.
And I know that if I strike, I'm out because I'm risking such a high percentage amount
in the account.
So I want to make sure if I am going to swing, it is going to be a perfect pitch, and I'm
going to be ready for that.
That perfect swing.
Is there times where that perfect pitch has come and I'm simply tired of standing at home
base and I don't swing?
Yeah, of course.
I will not swing until everything does not align because I know if I strike, if I miss,
I strike out and I'm done.
I can't continue to play.
So in the trading term, you simply blow the account and you cannot continue to trade this
account.
You have to deposit money again.
So my trade selection.
That came to these trades was extremely precise.
I would have break down my 10 markets for the week.
And out of all the 10 markets that I had for the week, I would really, really only focus
on three.
And out of those three markets, I would just wait for that one had to be that perfect trade
setup that gave me the exact entry signal that I need, that I would be 100% confident
that this trade is going to go in my favor and I would make sure that if I am 100% wrong
in this position.
I am totally okay with it.
I am totally okay.
If I give my all on this swing that I strike out, right?
Because I've been extremely patient, I've been extremely patient.
I've seen a hundred different pitches come by and have I missed out on some pitches
and they could have been home runs.
Sure.
But you know what?
I wasn't a hundred percent confident and I am only taking that position when I am a
hundred percent confident that decision making right there, that experience, that intuition,
that.
Mindset.
Mindset is what led me to properly take the hundred into the middle or better said, it's
what let me take the hundred into 400, the 400 into 3,200, the 3,200 into 8,000 throughout
this whole entire challenge that I did.
I probably predicted 40 solid move setups and I maybe only caught seven, eight, nine,
10 max.
I'm not here to catch every single move.
I'm here to catch the right one.
So after me taking the 3,200 into then 8,000 is where then I started to lower my risk even
more.
So here I started to go anywhere from 50% to around 40% and the same exact thing applies.
I am only risking this on one single position.
If I enter one trade for the week and I win, I am done.
I don't need to execute another position.
It's a one and done, done for the week.
If I lose a position for the week, one and done, I am done for the week.
I will come back next week because I know myself and I know how I react to the market.
And if I am entering a position and I lose, I know myself and I know that I'm going to
want to chase that loss back and gain back more profits.
Or if I were to win a trade, I know that I'm going to want to win more for the week.
I want to end up more on top.
So a simple rule on how I minimize that is I'm simply a one and done type of guy.
Win or lose.
I am done.
That next week will come by.
My mindset will be so much more clear that I won't even remember what happened last week.
So much time has gone by.
Did I break this rule a couple of times throughout the challenge?
Yes.
And if you guys go see the series, you guys are going to see how I hold myself accountable
because I know that I have tens of thousands of people, hundreds of thousands of people,
millions of people that were going to be watching this challenge and nobody was going to hold
myself accountable how I was.
And I need to set that standard too.
Whenever you do something wrong, you actually do something about it.
Because us traders right now, I'm here in my office and I can decide to click buy or
sell on a position right now.
Nobody's going to come and tell me that I'm doing the right or the wrong decision.
It's only myself.
Only myself is going to know if what I'm doing is right or wrong.
And I need to have the mental clarity to understand on what I'm doing is right or wrong.
If you're on a two, three week losing streak or on a two, three week winning streak and
you're still a beginner intermediate trader.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I guarantee you, you're going to, you're not going to have extreme clarity.
You're going to feel like the king of the world.
I've been there.
Believe me.
And as an experienced trader now, and as I've aged, I think I've aged like fine wine
in the trading space.
And I understand the difference in between one and the other.
And when you're in a challenge, when you're in a series like this, all this stuff starts
getting very murky.
And if you don't set the foundations from the beginning, it's only going to end bad
because you want to get to this end goal as quick as possible.
You don't want to go through four months of hell to get to this point right here.
What matters is how you set the rules before you begin.
And these were my core base rules.
After me taking it to about 15 K at this point right here, what I started to do is I started
to stay from around 40% to then 35%.
And then basically what I did from this point on is I stick through this same exact same
risk management rule throughout the whole entire challenge.
I never went below.
35%, maybe I went to about 30%, 27%, depending on the type of trade, how long I predicting
it was going to be, or if I could have even actually traded, you know, I traveled a couple
of times throughout this challenge and I wanted to make sure that yes, it was the
perfect swing and it was the perfect pitch, but it was just not worth missing out on.
And I'm personally okay with risking a certain amount of the account.
Sometimes it worked in my favor other times that it did.
But the most important thing right here, and believe me, I cannot stress this enough
is going to be this right here, this risk management and the decision-making behind
the trade that you are analyzing.
If you're going to enter a trade, make sure that it's the right trade.
And then following throughout all of this, what led me to the true success is going to
be this right here, RR risk to reward.
This is what made the difference.
Okay.
From this turning from a hundred dollars into a million and that training from a hundred
to a hundred thousand.
The difference was risk to reward.
Why is that?
Well, because some positions I would go for a one to two risk to reward other positions.
I would go for a one to four risk to reward.
And this one to four risk to reward would take me out of the hole.
Like you can't even imagine because let's say I'm trying to risk a hundred bucks.
And then the goal is to flip it.
If I'm doing a one to two risk to reward, that's just times two, right?
Taking a hundred bucks or 200 bucks, right?
Nobody cares.
Just a hundred percent, 200%, no big deal.
But if you apply this percentage going from a hundred to 400, it's far more of a strong
base to then take the 400 to 3,200, for example, because if I were just to have 200 bucks and
then I just apply the same exact one to two risk to reward, it's taking 200 to then 400
bucks.
So I would risk it a whole week trying to do what you could have done in one simple
week by simply continuing to either hold the position or have bigger take profits on the
original trade that you're taking.
So I always attempted to have every single trade set up, always be a minimum of a one
to two risk to reward.
This is always going to be the minimum of every single trade that I'm going to take.
The minimum of the risk to reward has to be this because that is what's going to lead
you to profitability.
That is just a fact, right?
But I would always aim for the trade to have a potential.
Of a one to four risk to reward because I'm essentially getting another trade for free.
Exactly what I would be doing right here.
I'm literally getting it for free by just simply holding the trade to then get a one
to four risk to reward.
For example, let's say I'm going to be buying a position, right?
I'm going to be buying this trade.
This is the area where I'm going to be buying it.
And the minimum I would always place my risk to reward ratio is going to be a one to two.
This is the minimum.
No matter if, ands or buts.
But I would always set the trade to have a minimum of a one to four.
So if the trade gets to this one to four, I know for a fact that, okay, you know what?
Not only was it worth the trade to be at a one to two, but it has the potential to
be at a one to four, meaning I'm going to basically get a whole other trade that I am
entering right here.
It's like me entering two trades, but without risking the second one.
I'm literally getting this one to four risk to reward, which is two trades by only risking
what I would on one.
That's where the money is because I didn't need to have additional risk to make more
money.
It's just the winning trade.
I let it be a continuous winning trade.
I didn't have to take another trade to make more money.
I didn't have to add a risk into the accounts for me to make more money and I have to overexpose
myself.
I didn't have to swing again.
Okay.
To catch a home run, all I would do is just let that ball continue going.
Obviously in the baseball term, can't really control where the ball went, but let's just
pretend like you can decide when you want to let off of the bat, right?
I would just continue to hold onto the bat because the ball is going to continue to go.
So this is what literally changed the game for me.
Having the trades go further from the take profit than what they already were, because
what this would do is that.
I didn't have to do anything else other than set and forget.
And that is what gave me clarity because I didn't have to be stressed about entering
another trade.
That is what literally made my job so easy because I just simply did nothing that also
gave me confidence on the next trade.
Because if I do the exact same setup and obviously minimum or one to two risk to reward always,
but with a potential to be a one to four, that gave me the confidence on the next position
to do the exact same thing.
And when you compound all of these positives on a trade over the course of three months,
you're going to have a perfect equation for success.
It's just the simple truth.
And you're following the proper strategy.
The odds of you failing are very low.
It's very unlikely.
If you're taking one simple trade set up a week and it meets every single confluence
and you have a minimum of a one to two risk to reward, and you have a potential for it
to be at a one to four, why shouldn't you succeed?
You're following every single possible need for the trade to make sense.
Now this is the core foundation of what I did to actually take the hundred bucks into
400 and 400 into 3,200.
I hate saying that I took a hundred into a million because to be technical and to be
real, I technically took $300,000 into a million dollars, but the starting balance
was a hundred bucks.
Right?
But not to get too technical.
I want to literally show you guys how I did this.
So what I'm going to be showing you.
Guys right now are literal live footages that you guys can go check out right now in
the YouTube channel, but I'm going to put it in this video here of me literally showing
you guys the before the, during the, after, and the explanation of every single trade,
why I was interested in entering the trade, my thought process on entering the trade based
off of where I was in the week.
And if I had just one, if I had slept, if I had not slept, because that all influenced
greatly into my decision-making of the trade and the end result of the trade.
If I ended up winning and how I reacted, if I ended up losing and how I reacted, because
my decision-making throughout this challenge is what led me to succeed and to do this.
Now I've had tens of students that have successfully taken a couple thousand bucks into a couple
hundred thousand dollars.
We have students that have taken $15 into 30, 40,000.
And when I've done podcasts and interviews with them and I've met them in person and
they're inside the community and we chat, they literally tell me, Alex, the strategy
is amazing.
And you're teaching, obviously let me understand the market, but it's how I reacted to the
market.
When I got these opportunities that presented themselves that led me do this successfully.
And I want to show you how my mindset and my approach changed throughout the whole entire
challenge as a person, as a trader, as a mentor, because I personally feel that challenge
made me the mentor and the person that I am today, because I went to, I went through
a certain.
Experience.
I went through a certain battle that nobody could have taught me.
There's no type of trading in the market that could have taught me that other than me going
through that myself.
And nobody could have told me what I was wanting to go through.
I had to literally go through it because it was a immaculate.
It was just, it was just an immaculate experience that led me to understand that at no given
point in mind control, the market's always in control.
And I have to understand when to be involved and when to not.
So.
So what I'm going to be showing you right now, once again, is that real raw journey
of the challenge, pay attention to the types of trades that I am taking, because I literally
explain everything that I have just taught you inside of this video, trend area of interest
and market structure.
That is what's going to lead you to be able to make a decision if a trade is good to take
or not.
So let's get into it right now.
All right guys.
Good morning.
It is currently July 16th, Tuesday morning.
So obviously we stayed up last night.
It's about like three in the morning ish.
I stayed up to catch this trade and it was for no reason we are currently in the position
and this is literally the max that I can honestly risk on the account.
So last night, remember that I explained to you guys that I was waiting for the market
to have a body closure under this line right here.
So we had that body and go from candlestick and then I pretty much entered on the little
quick pull back of the next one.
And now that was for no reason.
Because all of London session, as soon as I fell asleep, literally did nothing.
But the point is that now price is pulling back into the area where we entered.
Usually what should happen is that as soon as we enter the trade, it just goes down
with the momentum of the session, but now we haven't, but it is when it is enter the
trade seven, forget my prediction is that now from here, it is going to go down.
And as soon as I take the first position, obviously you have to risk a hundred percent
of the account to even get out of that hole.
And I remember that I wasn't drawn on us.
As soon as I took the trade, I'm like, ah, here we go.
Starting off bad.
And I think we were in drawdown about 35 bucks right at the start.
So then there it's either going to completely blow the account or skyrocket me out of it.
So then I can give me the balance that I need to then take on the next week and follow
the goal that I have for every single week.
But I got it one minute ago, positive $15.
Now we are about to hit margin call on the account.
One minute later was trading is so funny, but like always, when the trade went into
drawdown, I wasn't going to panic.
I said, okay.
I didn't forget because worst case that can happen.
I just know a hundred bucks and I start right again and guess what happened?
Trade hit, take profit.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm sorry to announce that we have reached the goal for the week
actively right now.
We are currently up $330.
You guys can see here last night, literally what I said happened once again.
So check out GBP JPY right after that one hour bearish engulfing candlestick, literally
the whole momentum throughout London session was that bearish move to the downside.
Had my take profit sets at a 1 to 3.4 risk to reward.
So meaning if I risked a hundred bucks here, then I would have made $340 right here.
As you guys can see, that is literally the math that is happening right now.
Candlestick is going to close in 15 minutes over here.
So I want to see how this candlestick closes right here in 15 minutes.
And then.
Based off of that, I'll then make my decision and let's see if we can then this week flip
this $450 to then 800 or $900 because that would put us really, really, really fast into
the margin that we need to be in order for us to flip the a hundred dollars to a lot
faster.
It's currently 2 30 in the afternoon.
Pretty much we closed out of $437 in profit.
You guys can see here the, my effects book, pretty much how it's looking.
Currently a $437.
These are pretty much the fees we got to pay.
These are the orders or there's nothing open right now.
This is the history though.
You guys can see here, both positions that we ended up taking.
That's the profit that we closed in.
And now same shit.
Jim time.
No, it sucks.
So you only get to drive one supercar now.
Lamborghini twin turbo just sold it.
Wide body years is at the shop.
The rear brake caliper is broken.
They're fixing it.
The Porsche.
I blew the second gear.
I blew the second gear.
I blew the second gear.
I blew the second gear.
I blew the second gear.
I blew the second gear.
I blew the second gear.
I blew the second gear.
I blew the second gear.
The Hollister is at the shop.
The rear brake caliper is broken.
They're fixing it.
The Porsche.
I blew the second gear on the Porsche drifting.
Rolls Royce is finally getting them wrapped.
Should be done today or tomorrow.
What other car do I have?
The Maybach I'm not going to drive.
Oh yeah.
Oh, I sold the scrap pack.
I got rid of the scrap pack.
The scrap pack is gone.
That was probably the dumbest thing I ever bought.
Yeah, the side-by-side.
The side-by-side is in the shop as well.
Half of my feet right now is in the shop.
I only get to drive thenahmen.
to drive a ferrari right now we were up 430 bucks i think and we hit the goal not only for week one
but for week two meaning that i didn't have to execute a trade next week or the week after
because this one trade because we set and forget and we caught a one to three risk to reward
we outdid the profit that we were even anticipating for this very same week just to get started so we
were off to a very good start right at the beginning so since the week was off to a good
start i pretty much came to the executive decision that you know what we hit the goal
not only for this week but for next week we're done for the week let's not get greedy let's not
chase any trades let's just set and forget for the rest of the week and next week we'll come back
with new fresh market new fresh mindset and then we'll pick up on the goal which is going to be
then taking 400 to about 900 so then that's exactly what we did we did not take any other
opportunities and then the next week we started off fresh with a new goal and if we were to hit
it we're then ahead three weeks of the challenge which is absolutely beautiful it's week two of
me trying to turn a hundred dollars into a million day trip
so like always we started off the week on sunday swings analyzing the top two top three markets
that we're going to be trading for the week and we found some solid markets where it can probably
even more double the account now is still on 437 dollars we got i think seven solid markets in the
markets seven solid markets in the markets a lot of markets a lot of fucking money usd jpy so usd
jpy has a very clean left head kind of right shoulder action going around here we broke the
neckline now we are retesting the neckline
of the head and shoulders along with the one hour ema four hour time frame looks absolutely
phenomenal we're having a beautiful one hour bearish engulfing candlestick looks like we're
having that pull back to retest that previous structure level and then the daily time frame
does not get any cleaner than this daily previous structure level daily ema and then you guys can
look left it is obviously a level of resistance whenever we're under the level resistance whatever
we're under and this line right here what is it you may be asking around psychological level one of
the remaining the next three five hundred dollars today so i'm going to broken down it's 157 500 or
like the smart money concept guys would call it an order block potato potata this is a round
psychological level with an area of interest so this trade is my number one trade that i'm going
to be interested in taking this week all i'm really waiting for on this market so earlier this
week what i was waiting for was this break so that break already happened and now this pullback is
actively happening so i just gotta wait for price to go back into this area so i can actually enter
trade which was on usdjpy i believe yo yo oh fuck with me huh fuck with me literally usdjpy as
simple and as effective look at this shit we literally had the retest perfectly to the area
of interest marabouzu tweezer top rejection bearish engulfing candlestick i keep telling you
you need an engulfing candlestick to enter a cell or a bullish engulfing to enter a buy i'm laughing
because the mic is so the point is that we're in this trade right now literally we're already
at 550 if this shit hits that take profit we'll probably be at like two three k we'll probably
even break the goal for the week that we've been anticipating so for now i'm just gonna set it
forget but it was taking a little bit long so i'm not gonna sit in front of the computer all day and
basically do nothing i just this is actually what i said at the beginning of the challenge
i'm gonna go play basketball i'm gonna go hit the gym i'm gonna
go live my normal life so it doesn't affect my psychology and i can always have a fresh mindset
when i'm actually going to execute a trade and i treat the markets one thing and then my life my
personal life is a completely other thing you can either literally make us or break us it's
currently eight o'clock pm miami time so i think it's like about two hours or an hour and a half
from the last time i updated you guys and set and forget now we're gonna go do is pick up jordan and
for those of you guys that don't know who jordan is actually one of my top students where about six
or seven years ago he was in a place like this but he wasn't flying the airplanes he was fixing them
he was a mechanic fixing the planes that were broken down probably making 50 60k a year and
he didn't want to live that life he wanted to have a obviously successful life and because of
the sudden forget strategy he managed to not only get out of his job but make trading his main source
of income in just under two years which is absolutely legendary and over time we become
really really close friends so jordan obviously you know is battling cancer and stuff and his leg
get really really swollen and have a cold plunge so cold water helps with inflammation we're gonna
put him inside the cold plunge in about like 20 30 minutes so we're gonna pick him up now and show
you guys the whole journey all right so this is jordan we're gonna take him out to the cold plunge
it's gonna suck bro ah it's gonna suck it's cold right it's cold fun dude it's gonna suck
but i'm telling you you're gonna get on you're gonna feel amazing so you know we would
pick him up take him to the cold plunge and then drop him back off he actually gave me some
mike tyson signed gloves which is super sick because you know mike tyson's a legend i told
you i got you something just came out a little late oh oh no way signed by the book
for me his representation of jordan because he's a fighter fighting through what he's doing
and obviously mike tyson is one of the most legendary fighters so it's actually pretty
cool to have boxing gloves signed directly from all right guys so trade update we just
left the gym right now trade update is currently 12 30 in the afternoon so like i mentioned earlier
here if that daily candlestick closes under that previous structure level we're pretty much going
to set and forget this for a very long time four hours looking good we are now currently up
about twelve hundred dollars on the account so i'm gonna continue to set and forget which i
think was already about twelve hundred dollars thirteen hundred bucks and i had a decision to
make i can either close there and hit my take profit for the week or i can logically look at
the markets and realize that my analysis and my strategy is indicating to me that this trade is
going to have a much higher price to take profit for the week and i can logically look at the market and realize that my analysis and my strategy is indicating to me that this trade is going to have a much higher
risk to reward ratio so what would i do the whole reason of me entering a trade is to capitalize
the most i can from the gains all right guys straight update it is currently 3 17 in the
afternoon and we are up about 1600 on the trade and you guys can see here that the market is about
to close well you guys can hear the market is about to close in two hours so this daily candlestick
will close about an hour 42 minutes and it's honestly going a lot faster than i anticipated
and we're definitely going to close
under that previous structure level this is why you set and forget your take profit you never put
a take profit you always put a stop loss to minimize your losses you never put a take profit
you never want to minimize your losses so this trade we just continue to hold and set and forget
and this is where i'm preaching to all of my students i'm actively monitoring the markets
seeing how much more can we continue to go in one direction because i'm a pro trend trader i trade
with all the time frames in my favor so the trade continues to go in that direction
on the long run you want to trade with the trend the trend is your friend so in here is where i
continue to set and forget and analyze the markets and the trade went from a thousand in profit to
two thousand currently have about sixteen hundred dollars on the account so we're up two thousand
dollars to three thousand god damn wow bro wow i'm gonna take you last year this is probably
almost a month last year that shows you how much better of a trader i've become i'm so much less
the profits and of the money behind this but that's crazy dude and keep in mind go for the
week was 900 so if i close at this point i'm ahead by six weeks in the challenge cutting the end goal
of training the hundred into the million to then maybe then two months so at this point i'm height
so then as we're like halfway through the week i'm basically living my normal life drifting
uh going out to the gym just doing whatever i gotta do i realize that you know what 3k
more than enough i can see the trade that it can potentially have a reversal because the structure
so i closed my profits there you guys can see right here that the account is at officially
three thousand dollars you guys can see here on my effects book pretty much uh where we started
the account with the current balance this is updated two days ago you guys can see here
the history these are all the trades that we have taken obviously two trades on gbp jpy
one trade on usd jpy and i did not take any more trades for the week on week two because i'm well
past the profit that i need there's no reason on me to go chase and add new traits so i simply send
a profit into the account and call it a day of the week five days and then every week three days
to do it and on top of that i can see the trend the on i can see the 6k i can see the pop up
which is a week one day one day and thenet and then we take this top three week and build it
and we go from there and then we pulled up to the next week where then the goal was to take 3k to 6k
last week we turned 437 dollars into 3000 same thing as always getting on sunday swings analyzing
the markets for my students finding the top two top three markets that i'm going to be trading with
my risk on the account to about 50 to 75 percent meaning if i take a losing trade i don't start
back at zero at least i still have some ammunition to then kick back and get started right where i
was for the profit that it should be for that week so in my mindset technically yes i did lose
some time but i lost time that i gained not time that i where i should actually be in the challenge
so for example let's say i took a loss on the 3k account and i'm go back to the 900 well it's
technically where i'm supposed to actually be for the challenge for that week so it gives me
the freedom to be able to actually do that because i'm so ahead in the challenge all right guys so
market update it is currently 9 49 in the morning we are officially in the trade so i literally
entered let me click for that let me show you guys the time right so what time is it right now in
miami i come over here i refresh the website 9 49 in the morning so literally to show you guys we
just entered the trade so let's pull up here so you guys remember how i literally just mentioned
that we were going to have a
you guys remember how i literally just mentioned that we were going to have a
pull back into this level to then sell so we literally had that pull back perfectly i went
exactly to where i didn't go exactly to where i anticipated but got really close i entered it
and just to show you guys proof i was just recording for instagram right now as soon as we
enter the trade we're literally like using margin and shit because we entered the trade pretty much
risked everything so i just wanted to show you guys that but now we're officially in the trade
we're up four hundred dollars on it currently right now like always have to show you guys
that it is a real account so you guys can see right now
here that it is indeed a real account you guys can see where the account is currently sitting and
we're currently now going to just wait but i explained to you guys perfectly this i explained
to you guys the break and retest here i entered at this next retest where we should have waited
for it here we should have waited for the break and retest here to then sell but then this didn't
happen here but that happened here we then entered after the engulfing which ideally we should be
entering up here so then on week three we started off with a new trade that we took
and we pretty much went straight into drawdown about fifty percent drawdown in the account which
is totally fine i'm okay with it i don't mind the swings but i continued to set and forget and then
the trade and the trend ended up going in the favor where i ended up analyzing and then the
trade actually went back into profit we're about 5 000 floating in profit keep in mind my goal for
the week is actually 6 000. and like always i'm updating my telegram discord instagram i'm mass
social media blasting these trades everywhere so i'm not the only person that's in profit or in loss
there's hundreds of thousands of traders all around the world looking at the same market
that i am people in africa people in london people in the states going through the same
journey that i'm going through because if i'm making money you're making money but if i'm
losing money you're losing money too and i always have this belief that in order for you
to receive you have to give so i'm at this point in the challenge where i need to receive right
i got to make back some of these profits i'm like you know what let me give my boy sensei
a little gift a mop blanc pen one of ten in the world so this is a very special
edition watch so this is a muhammad ali mock blank watch so you see it has like ali in here
and then you see the muhammad ali everywhere throughout here
was like three thousand dollars i don't even think this guy appreciated that but you
know what i don't care because when i go look at my trade that same night we were up about nine
thousand dollars on the account so right now we are currently
floating about six thousand dollars in profit the account is currently at nine thousand dollars in
equity and you guys can see this trade right here is literally continuing the momentum to the
downside just continuing this set and forget trend that's why you gotta trade with the trend
the trend is your friend so you guys can see the four hour close very strong
and i'm gonna just continue to hold this trade uh if tomorrow closes under this line
right here not this one i'm just copying and pasting if the candlestick closes under this
line right there we will probably turn this into over fifteen thousand dollars easily
so let's wait for now simply just set and forget so if you want to receive something
first you gotta get and i actually put this to test later throughout the journey and it came back
ten times more so a little bit more on that later in the journey and then the usual happens
and every single time you set and forget the trade ended up going to fifteen thousand bucking
dollars fifteen thousand five hundred so exactly what i was mentioning to you guys earlier i have
to see like you can't just close the trade right already right because you gotta look
so obviously we're gonna close the trade because we wanted it to close under this line well under
this right here and actively looks like we are piercing through that so this candlestick closes
in the next five minutes as you can see right over here and if this candlestick closes under this line
it will mean that it closes under this structure point and then there i truly do believe that it
can then easily go from here to then this point right here so right now we literally gotta wait
the next five minutes if it closes above like that i'm gonna close it right then and there
if not i'll squeeze it in for the little bit extra right here just to show you guys we're
up about fifteen thousand one hundred right now bro tray started reversing on me dude look at this
instead of reversing we were up like fifteen thousand here and now bro like i said i forgot
too much bro it's like we closed the trade like two hours ago so right now it's currently 12 30
in the afternoon right here you guys can see where the account is it's officially closed at
fifteen thousand dollars you guys can see right here in the history so you guys can see that we
officially closed this trade at twelve thousand two hundred dollars in profit
we closed it earlier literally as soon as i told you guys pretty much after we close that line so
it did make it all the way up to this structure point and then it had a reaction so pretty much
exactly what i explained it's gonna have a reaction from that structure point right here
and if we follow this line that's exactly what it did so our entry points are as precise as they
get our stop losses our take profit everything with the seven figure strategy sniper
yo the goal for the week was six grand we are at 15
thousand dollars so if we were to close that six grand this week
the goal for next week was to turn six to twelve so we just did this week and next week's goal
oh we should go on a vacation we're ahead of schedule we should just off for two weeks
right keep in mind i'm looking at the numbers on the screen because you guys like to see it i hate
looking at the metatrader and the money go up and down i hate it it with your mind
i only like looking at the charts because what happens in the charts directly
correlates with what's happening on the numbers what happens on the numbers does not mean that
that affects the charts the charts affects the numbers i only like looking at the charts because
i can make a logical decision based off of the price action i can't make a logical decision
based off of me being up five thousand or six thousand what connection does that have to the
charts zero so i started implementing that and educating people on it and everybody kind of had
like a oh an aha moment they're like oh you know what that does make sense i should only look at
the charts and not the numbers because if you focus on the structure the structure is going to
equal the money this is like the prime where i was in the challenge in terms of ahead like i had so
much time ahead of what i anticipated to have that i felt like the king of the world at this point so
we ended up week three closing at about fifteen thousand dollars in profit where then the goal
for next week was to then take the 15k to then 30k it's week four of me turning a hundred dollars
into a million last week we were trying to turn three thousand dollars up to six
million pounds in net worth and we were like okay let's do it let's do it let's do it let's do it let's
thousand dollars now the next week actually started off kind of slow no trades towards the beginning
of the week so we kind of just had fun gym drift uh i think i bought a dope art piece from atlanta
artlanta just pulled those right i just did a collab with trump where he pulled up he actually
signed one of the paintings that he did i actually have a bunch of atlanta paint throughout my
hunter house but i just got two new posters i'm gonna give one to one of my family members they're
all about trump and i want to put one on the wall i think this is a legendary ass picture
and then i did it myself let's go check it out
yeah you got the first two literally the first two so that's that's basically where
he signed it on the on the original one yeah but this that's my signature oh okay so yeah
but you said like yeah exactly yeah okay so oh wait so this is one out of four seven and that's
two and then two out of four seven oh so i got the real yeah oh
so for people that don't know i was the first person that trusted our lantern to paint a lamb
yo for real yo the first one yeah it's crazy he hit me up he was like yo i'm gonna do art
basil i was at 20 20 20 22 22. yeah so yeah i want i want to paint your lambo on art baths and
i'm like dog i don't know that sounds a little crazy i'm like you know what let's do two
lambs we did my hood and it was sensei's oh yeah oh yeah yeah i remember that mm-hmm and we did
the rolls the dawn oh yeah that's right though don look i don't know i don't know i don't know
you know i have this painting oh the kobe yeah yeah i haven't seen this one in a minute yeah yeah
all right jordan gifted me this one yeah i remember that but then the unexpected happened
well kind of expected because i started getting bored in the challenge i'm so ahead i feel like
superman i'm winning every trade i'm ahead by four or five weeks i feel like i can take any
trade so the market wasn't giving me pro trend trades meaning having markets to have every
single time frame in the favor to trade with
and there was just nothing available that checked out everything in my trading plan i had to do
something degenerate take trades that i shouldn't be taking all right guys market update so i spent
the morning kind of just focusing locking in diving on this trade to see if i was making the
right decision because we have officially taken the most degenerate trade of the whole entire
challenge the biggest counter trend trade it's such a d-gen trade that i did not risk 100 i risked 20
so to show you guys currently market update and we are negative about 500 because we literally just
entered the trade as the candlestick just closed right now so yesterday on euro usd i'm sure you
guys can remember that i was anticipating for price to have a sell from this point up here
to then reject and then for price to actually make it all the way down here to then have the actual
buy on euro usd because we're anticipating for euro usd to make it all the way down here
to then reject this level and then head to the upside since we broke out we never retested it so
we're expecting for that retest and here on the one hour you can very very clearly see that we
are creating a potential left head right shoulder again it's not a confirmed right shoulder and so
we don't break under this neckline but i believe what it's creating right here it's such a strong
level of accumulation looks like a one hour double top 30 minute time frame i see it i almost
squeezing in to this inwards uh triangle whatever you want to call this again i hate trend lines
and i hate all this stuff because they're very subjective but you can literally see how price
is squeezing into this area and i personally believe it's gonna have more of a reason to
burst down than burst up i could be completely wrong because i don't believe that this area that
is rejecting from right now it's going to be the area to continue pushing to the upside i think
has to have a deeper retracement before actually heading to the upside so when i go down to the
four hour this four hour candlestick still has about three hours to close and the last one closes
a very indecisive candle i think this next one can engulf close under this which then on the one
hour it'll give us the break under this neckline of the head and shoulders if you notice i put my
stop loss a little bit right above this level because if we pretty much break above this
the tray is just going to keep going to the upside
that doesn't seem very good i'm not good i mean i caught it you know i don't really care uh i'm
glad that i ended up getting that out of my system i'm an idiot bro like i mean technically
we're still in the trade right so it could clearly reject this level right here so i can
literally have the same reaction to the downside and then this same reaction to the downside that's
why i'm very strategic with my stop loss basement but the trade that i should be taking is at the
break and retest from the neckline of the head and shoulders like i know this i i know this you
want to get involved but i'm not mad it doesn't really set us back much of the challenge there's
an unnecessary loss well there's not a loss yet but it's just a trade update so it's just like
an hour later from the last time that we took the trade so now we just gotta wait and this is what
a lot of you guys do a lot of you guys do this a lot of you guys will take trades that you shouldn't
be taking but you guys won't put the blame on yourself or hold yourself accountable i know
exactly what i did i did the wrong thing now do i accept it 100 you guys when you do the wrong
things you don't accept it you're ready to put the blame on
str someone's strategy on the markets on anything but yourself that's what once you start having
that self-recognition is once you start developing a nonchalant character for trading in the markets
and that's how you truly become successful because you realize that your success whatever
the outcome is successful or not is 100 because of you not because of another outsource like i'm
the one that clicked the cell button the phone didn't click it just for me so for now i said
yo that's a sign that we shouldn't we took the first loss in the hundred to the middle
count man and yeah first loss in the challenge and i said you know what this loss isn't because
of my strategy my strategy works there was just no opportunities that week that align with my
strategy i decided to be a slick ass wanting to be smart and take trades that i shouldn't because
i was bored because i felt like i was superman and this is the week where i decided to implement
a punishment every single time i break my trading plan i then have to do something in order so i hold
myself accountable because again there's hundreds of thousands of people watching these videos
uh following all the trades making money with me losing money with me and i don't mind losing
money if i am following my trading plan but if i'm breaking my trading plan i do mind losing money
because i should not be doing that i should only lose money when i follow my trading plan so
whenever i don't follow my trading plan there has to be a punishment and that's where the beetle came
in i have owned lamborghinis ferraris porsches rose royces mclaren mclaren bro mclaren how can
i forget about that but this right here is going to put the biggest smile on my face the biggest
don't show them just yet this right here is my new masterpiece
yes
we're getting a haircut on thursday night instead of tomorrow we always get a haircut
friday morning we're getting one tonight because eric is not available what do you mean bro what
is that my new part that's fake that's the thing just park up
let me explain to you guys the real moral behind this car right here so this is so i follow my
trading plan and my trading rules obviously i have in the cool cars but this is gonna
humble me every single time i break my trading plan
this week i have broken my trading plan twice meaning every single time i break my trading plan
i cannot drive any of my cars for 24 hours the only car that i can drive is this for 24 hours
so what is that going to incentivize me to do to not break my trading plan every single time i
break my trading plan i have to drive this for 24 hours that's just the price and the consequence
that i have to pay what do you think you with it and it's manual it is yes force it's four speed
we're gonna drift it that's just 1966. always senses here give me a less you don't like it no
sorry give me a look hey hey hey hey you like it
we're gonna be blessed if we get a with the air and that
no airbag oh
oh it has no brakes i think it's leaning boy is it leaking
no leaning leaning leaning one way like this really hey follow your training plan if not
you're gonna be like me beetle and i leave so much by example that i went to go do some
student podcasts with students that have made over a hundred thousand dollars with my strategy
and instead of me pulling up in a supercar and taking them for a cool journey as i normally do
pulled up in the beetle even the students were making fun of me because they expect for me to
pull up and show them the lifestyle and i showed them the real lifestyle i broke my
trading plans and i'm driving this piece of and i wanted to show it as an example to them
like yeah all right cool my student made a hundred thousand but buddy i want to let you
know you need to have something to hold you accountable how i am right now because if you
don't you're gonna probably end up driving a car like this so that's why i led by example and to
show the students live in person that they need to continue to follow the training plan to be
successful the moment they don't they're going to end up in a car like that
it's kind of a funny way to look at it but it's the reality of the situation this is where the
humbling begins do you guys know how much i love driving my porsche gt3 and driving it like a man
and driving my ferrari and driving it like a man but man's gonna do what a man's gonna do and a
man's gotta pay the price and i'm doing this show you guys i'm holding myself accountable
for breaking my rules and as you guys can tell i've already attempted to drive this vehicle and
it starts the 24 hour clock where i will only drive the beetle what name should we give the
beetle keep in mind it's a 1966 volkswagen beetle it has the original engine four-speed transmission
try turning it on earlier it did not work we're gonna try again right now
so this is to show you guys that i'm going back to my roots of me literally having to hold myself
accountable when i do something wrong i don't want to do this but if i don't follow my trading plan
i'll no longer be able to drive a ferrari or a porsche i'm going to probably be driving some
like this so i'm going to keep following my trading plan so i don't end up in a car
like this please turn on what name should we give it should it be a he should it be a her come on
come on what do you guys know about this what profitable trader knows how to do this
all right yeah we only got space for two oh oh yeah let's just push it so we ended off on week
four with the first loss that we had with the porsche gt3 gt3 gt3 gt3 gt3 gt3 gt3 gt3 gt3 gt3 gt3 gt3 gt3 gt3 gt3
had in the whole entire challenge so this is a big uppercut to my ego because at to this point
i felt invisible i literally felt like i could do anything i could win every single trade it's
week five of me trying to turn a hundred dollars into a million day trading last week we ended up
taking two unnecessary losses because i broke my trading plan so we started off the challenge with
about 8 000 which is where we left off last week because we took the account from 15 to 8 000.
so at this point in the challenge i am not scared to execute a position i'm being a little bit more
selective so i actually avoided some wins that i could have taken but i also avoided a couple of
losses that i could have taken and funny enough because some of my friends were actually calling
me in the middle of the week saying hey you're going to get into this and enter this i'm like
no dude trust me i'm not going to enter these counter trend trades i don't want to drive
what the oh wow i just saw this right now so nzd usd
i'm actually laughing because one of my friends called me earlier he's like yo what should i do
with nzd usd i entered earlier this week sunday night when you sent it out on sunday swings it's
one of my friends that i went to high school with literally one of the only close friends that i
have outside of you know my my team and he told me he's like yo should i close nzd usd or do i
hold i'm like dude if you hold it can have the risk of having a pullback i don't think you should
hold that you should close he's like no no no i'm gonna set him forget i'm like brother you have to
forget and when to not set and forget this is not the time you don't want to like not close this
trade and i'm laughing because i know he is i don't i'm gonna call him i'm gonna call him yeah
so i'm not friend i'll call you a hundred times i don't give a yeah you're sleeping
have you seen your trade yeah bro me i told you bro you told me to have a pullback not a whole
move straight down
this is what i told you bro i told you i was gonna have a pullback bro you don't
listen to me dog what do you think you told me set and forget no no no no no no no no
i told you don't set and forget this trade it's gonna have a pullback you didn't listen to me bro
i literally told you bro i'm like yo it's gonna it's gonna have the pullback so week five we
actually did not end up taking any trades at all we did a lot of action stuff i went to
go look at a new penthouse that i was like gonna move into the bugatti that i bought my pink bugatti
we got delivery of it with jane juice which is another successful student of mine from the 30-day
boot camp i bought a new car so you yeah you don't know what car about right you don't no all right
so i'm gonna say something and say some words of courage but all i have to say is
set and forget that's all i gotta say you think bro i have no words to say honestly and it's
you're the only one that knows bro i i i'm speechless honestly i'm not gonna say anything
i'll i'll leave it for you guys to see it
and i'll leave it for you guys to see it
you know i like to show traders that if they apply the strategy and they do everything the
right way the lifestyle that they want is just a couple moves away all you have
to do is execute the strategy correctly so later throughout the week just more day-to-day action in
my life and we did not take any trades so keep in mind the week before this we ended up taking our
first loss then the week after this was week five we ended up taking no trades which kind of made
me feel a little bit not like superman anymore because at the beginning of the challenge i felt
invincible now this times i'm getting a little bit more humbled i'm being very selective on the
type of trades that i'm taking because obviously i don't want to blow the account now i'm so ahead
i have so much time in front of me that i want to be on track to complete the challenge it's week
six of me turning a hundred dollars into a million let me tell you you guys aren't ready
for this week then we started off week six at same exact balance the only difference now is that
we have a bugatti in the front of the driveway
now we got views of my fucking bugatti so if i don't complete this challenge
i can't afford the bugatti so i definitely have to complete the challenge and stay on route so
the goal doesn't feel
right
right right the bugatti's pink i'm wearing blue i'll be right back in a second more like it huh
you gotta be on the same vibe but i cannot believe i fucking did that dude it's still surreal
what's the payment on one of those my payment is 46 000 a month and then the insurance is like
2500 so it comes out to like 48 49 000 every month so yeah we got a lot of work to do to make
that up and to start off the week like always we do the sunday swing we pick the
top two top three markets for the week ahead but i decided to go look at my track record on the
trades that i'm taking in the account to look at the stats like what am i doing right what am i
doing wrong so i can learn from it and double down on what i'm doing right and fix what i'm
doing wrong currently we have taken the hundred bucks to eight thousand dollars you guys can see
that the starting balance was a hundred bucks and it was just updated 44 minutes ago down below
over here you can currently see our win rate is currently a 70 percent of the total amount of
of trades that we have taken. We've taken a total of seven amounts of trades and 100% of our trades
have been shorts. We have not taken any long positions and our average duration is an interesting
20 hours. Now, this right here is going to be a problem very soon, the commissions that we have
on the account, because the bigger, obviously, we start scaling on this challenge, the more slippage,
the more commission, everything that we're, it's going to cost us to trade. So I might be
switching brokers very, very soon. Not entirely sure just yet, but I will be letting you guys know
if I do. Well, I don't market a broker. I'm just going to let you guys know if I switch to a broker,
I don't plan to market any broker anytime soon. You know what's funny? I paid $2,000 for that
lighter. It doesn't work. Now I have to use this $20. What is it? How much? I don't even know
how much is this, like $5 at a gas station? Shit. Sucks. It just doesn't feel right lighting
a good cigar with a $5 lighter from a gas station. I feel like I'm disrespecting the cigar.
$2,000.
$2,000 on a lighter.
GBP CHF, probably one of the cleanest ones that you can probably see. And it is this beautiful
higher, high, higher, low, higher, high, higher, low, higher, high, higher, low, higher, high.
Boom. Shift the structure, lower, low, lower, high, lower, low. Now this time from Miss
Barish. Now if I just show you guys this market structure like this, which is realistically how
you have to look at the structure of the market, not look at the market. This right here is the
structure of the market. And you can clearly see how we work with this. So I'm going to
show you how we work creating higher highs, higher lows, and we shifted. We did a ginormous
and beautifully formated double top pattern right here. And now we're coming back to retest
that neckline of the double top, then have a reaction to the downside. What a coincidence
that the neckline of the double top happens to also be at the weekly EMA and also happens
to have a round psychological level, 1.12500, which is obviously very key because now you
just have three, four things that simply make sense.
At this area in order for you to be interested in the trade. What a coincidence. Now we also
have the daily EMA. We also have the daily structure level, so on and so forth. So what
I'm going to be waiting for, for this trade is for price to have a break and retest under this
little double top formation that we're potentially creating at this area here to have an alarm right
at the bottom of it. That's going to notify me as soon as we break out of it. And this trade,
once it does that, it's going to have a great risk reward. We can easily get a one to five
loss. Obviously we have a smaller stop loss. We can get like a one to six, one to 6.7. This
is a great risk to reward on this trade because we are following the trend. We're trading
with the weekly timeframe. We're trading with the daily timeframe. And once that double
top breaks, I'm going to be trading with the four hour timeframe. So we have three
timeframes that are going all in the same direction. So if we just enter the trade instead
of forget. So after we analyze the top markets for the week, like always on Sunday swings,
we then realize there was no markets to trade. But then we got a phone call from this guy
in a music video with Kodak, Black, and Trump.
They want to have the Bugatti in the square house and have this marching Trump's marching
band behind it playing while Kodak and all them are rapping in front. Trump will be there.
I mean, I've been part of a couple of music videos. I know how this shit goes, you know?
Start, pull up at three, start at seven, end at one in the morning, you know?
I fucking hope it's not like that.
Like, fuck yeah.
I believe.
I've been listening to Kodak, Black since I was like 15. And who doesn't like Trump?
Little did I know that I was getting scammed. Trump was not putting up and Kodak, Black
pulled up 20 hours late. And that same night, my Bugatti broke.
Kodak's not here yet. We'll probably be here in like 30 minutes. We're going to leave
until like three in the morning.
Watch.
And when I go, I'm going to be in a plane to check.
We are still here at 9 a.m., basically a trade update, and we're still here.
Well, after a couple of hours, finally got it up.
Now we got to take it from this tow truck to that tow truck.
Fuck this, dude.
I don't even want to talk about that.
So after we finish all those shenanigans, like always, patience pays.
And most importantly, following the set and forget strategy.
GBPCHF, as you guys can see, we're currently up about $6,000.
So we entered this trade earlier, literally probably like fucking, I don't know, like an hour ago.
But we're in the middle of all these calls and the trade is now heading into our direction.
Everything's looking very well.
We're actually in a lot more profit than I expected.
Obviously, I did not account how volatile this pair is.
I did not realize that this pair goes into a little bit more.
More drawdown will blow this account completely because this pair is super volatile.
I actually have not entered a trade in GBPCHF in a very long time.
But this trade right here, if it does hit my take profit, it could take this account up to like $70,000 if it does make it all the way down here.
And then we were up now from the $8,000 that we were technically down back up to the $15,000 where we were two weeks ago.
So now we're picking back up, staying on track.
And the goal for this week was to turn the $8,000 to $16,000, $18,000 roughly.
And again, I had an executive decision to make.
Do I close at the profit for the week or do I set and forget?
What do you think I did?
I fucking set and forget.
Drum roll, please.
$38,000.
Well, right now, I think this trade is...
That's why I'm not even that excited because I do think this trade right now in London session is going to have a pullback.
Let me show you.
So I think now this will have a retracement.
Let's retest this neckline of the left head, right shoulder for then the trade to then head to the downside.
Currently on a daily timeframe, we close very strong as a bearish engulfing, but we could come back and retest these daily wicks right here.
So then the trader can continue heading to the downside.
Now, this is where a lot of beginner traders will probably get, you know, FOMO and either close out their positions here or they can probably set and forget the whole entire way.
Currently, just.
Waiting for it to do its thing.
But then when we go close the trade, we get the most ridiculous slippage I have ever gotten in any trading account.
And I said, if I'm getting slippage at this part in the challenge so early on, I don't want to be with this broker.
Yo, we just blew the whole fucking account.
No, that's how you close the trade.
Bro, we literally just blew the whole account.
Freaking.
We just went for it.
We just went for it.
We just went for it.
We just went for it.
We just went for it.
So we just draw the money from the current broker should get into my wallet by the end of today, maybe tomorrow, and we're going to deposit into a new broker, which I might be letting you guys soon, which broker it's going to be.
So you guys are not the same market conditions as me.
Current broker right now.
The fees were all over the place.
The commissions were okay.
It was more of the slippage.
I would literally try and close the trade out.
I get slipped out.
I wouldn't get close at the point that I wanted to.
So I'm going to be switching to a new broker today, pretty much.
And we'll see where the challenge goes from that point.
And this is why I don't market brokers right at the beginning of the challenge.
I know you guys ask me for what broker am I using?
What broker am I using?
I literally got this asked a thousand times.
I don't want to market a broker that I don't trust.
I don't have any experience with.
And gladly, I didn't market it because I closed the trade at 30,000 in profit.
And then it puts me at 22.
The slippage and the spread was absolutely ridiculous.
I decided to withdraw my money and then put it into a new broker that I was going to then test out.
But again, keep in mind, this is the exact same account that I then just transferred the funds into a different one.
And this is where we then pretty much moved on to week number seven, where the ending balance is about 22,000.
It's week seven of me turning this $100 into a million dollars on this next week.
It was week seven.
We were starting with about 22,000 and then the goal was to take 22 to then 40.
Touch that.
Touch that.
What you guys know about week seven turning $100 into a million.
I thought I had just reversed.
I was like, oh, shit, currently, right now, we are $4,000 on the trade.
Now, I'm not excited because of these $4,000.
I could give a shit.
I'm excited about the potential of this trade that we have taken.
If you have seen last week series, you saw the loss we avoided on this position.
Price had the push stop, then push.
That's what we are anticipating for this week to come ahead.
So we avoided nuts.
We're not making any money this week simply because we have experience in the market.
Now, let's look at it now.
So trade update, we are currently up $4,000 on GBP CHF.
So if you guys saw last night's trade update, I explained that I was looking to enter a trade right around this area once we had the retest to then sell.
So currently, right now, GBP CHF has a very strong double top formation currently created right now.
Very strong bearish move.
If this trade hits all the way down here, we'll fucking sweep one to 11 risk to reward.
Meaning we will take right now we have 35 lots, right?
So 35 loss means that it's $350 per pip.
So we do $350 per pip times a take profit of 342 pips.
So $350 times.
And 42 pips.
Drum roll, please.
$100,000 in one single position.
The beauty of this is not this.
We're going to get to this no matter what.
What is the beauty is how much I'm actually putting at risk.
So I'm only putting at risk.
So we have 30 pip stop loss.
So if I do $350 per pip times $30, I'm only putting at risk 50% of the account.
This is key to growth.
So I'm literally risking 50% to almost 5x the account.
Tell me that's not a fucking great deal.
So right now we are currently just waiting for this position to have a confirmation body
candlestick closure in the next 27 minutes under this level of support right here.
For our candlestick looks very strong, very bearish engulfing.
Can I wait for a little retest as well for them?
That structure level right there.
Basically, more of the story.
All we got to do right now is set.
Forget.
It just looks so lovely.
We're finally making some type of decent money.
Like, look at this.
And then we ran into the same broker issue.
We took the 20 and then we took it to the 40.
But we ran into even worse slippage on this other broker that we were testing out.
And this is why I don't market brokers.
It's my first time trading on it, and I'm taking a good trade.
And when I take it, the profits that I'm supposed to be making.
I literally lost it because of the slippage on the account.
This is the trades from last night.
GBPCHF.
You guys can clearly.
See that we closed out all three positions at the same exact time.
One of them is in profit, and then the other got split in half or whatever.
And then it was in a loss.
So GBPCHF last night, I explained if we had a retest of this level and then a rejection to the downside, we can very easily continue to head down.
If not, if we body close above, we can come back right into our area of interest.
We body closed above.
And as I'm seeing this body close above, and then I'm seeing this
rejection from the EMA.
But then I see this retest of this level of support that every single time we're above, we're clearly heading up.
I say, oh, shit, this is the area where I want to get out because it could get pushed right back into my entry.
And I don't want to be in a loss at this point in the challenge.
I'm doing so well.
So decide to close my position right at that line right there, right at 1.11282, right at three in the morning, four in the morning, which is like when London session is kicking in.
You guys can see down here the times.
And.
I closed out the first position, right?
The 20 lots.
So the 20 lots gave me $2,000 in profit.
Now we're going to do some calculations right now because if I enter the position up at this point right here and then we close out the position, let's say somewhere in here, that is a total of about 23 pips.
But for argument's sake, let's say 20 pips.
So I am currently risking $200 per pit.
So it's going to be $200 times.
20 pips.
I'm supposed to be up $4,000 on that position.
I'm up $2,000.
So they ate up 50% of my profits, but that's fine.
You know what?
High fees.
I'll take it.
Well, not a big deal.
But then the other position, when I go close it, it is then in a loss.
Why did I take a loss on the same position that I entered at the same spot and close at the same spot?
Why did it close at a loss?
Now, this is where I get very skeptical about these platforms because it's just so unnecessary.
I just don't get it.
And this is why I also split my lot sizes because everybody says, oh, why don't you just take 180 a lot for this very same exact reason.
If I were to take 80 lots in a position, it would literally have one full slipped out position versus if I split the positions in half, at least I get one.
And then the other ones who probably have a little bit of slippage.
So I do this.
Because I've dealt with this shit before, and I've been dealing with it for a very long time.
Like this at this point was very frustrating because I just came off of a losing week, then a break even week, and now two weeks that are technically break even because of the market conditions that the broker was giving me.
If I'm running into these issues with a broker so early on into the challenge, I'm already being skeptical because imagine the slippage and the issues that I'm going to be running at when I'm fluctuating hundreds of $1,000 in profit, which is realistically like three, four weeks away.
If I double the account every single week, it's week.
Of me turning $100 into a million.
Last week, we took two trades where one of them made us about $2,000, and then the other we lost at $2,000.
Biggest waste of time ever.
And I wasn't going to let any of this broker issue stop me living my life.
I'm going to go drift my Porsche.
I'm going to go hit the gym.
I'm going to go do what I have to do, because at the end of the day, what affected me last time was that I was not living my normal life.
Now, this time I decided to, you know what, if I take a loss, if I take a win, I'm going to go hit my gym.
I'm going to go take my night trades, if you know what I'm talking about.
And just do what I got to do.
And then later on throughout the week, we got another great opportunity in the market, which is what we analyzed on Sunday Swings.
This market right here currently is having a lower high pullback.
And this is what this market structure looks like on this pullback, right?
We have some structure right here, and then we are now at this resistance level.
If I take this same exact market structure move from right here, and then I simply move it to this market structure here with an exception of
making this a little bit higher and aiming this a little bit higher, it's the exact same move right here.
But instead of it obviously being here, it is now right here.
It's the same exactly with the exception of it being a little bit higher.
Now, what is the difference that this had this structure up here and that this one is having it right here?
Let's see what happened here to see if we can anticipate for it to happen here, because we're expecting for the cells and clearly this one.
So once it did this pattern, it then went to the downside.
So let's zoom into this 30 minute structure on this circle time frame right here.
What did we get when we were at this pattern right here?
Oh, okay.
We got a left head, right shoulder.
Okay, cool.
Left hand, right shoulder retest, then sell.
Well, let's go to current price right now.
Holy shit.
What do we have here?
Left head, right shoulder.
Fuck with me.
If you want me to keep showing you guys because I see this all the time and I don't always explain it because
I
think it's just normal to me.
This is my second language, third language, and I see this literally every single day.
It's very normal to me.
But to a lot of you guys, this might be like, what the fuck?
A wow moment.
And if it is, let me know in the comments so I can keep doing this stuff for you guys because it motivates me.
And it shows me that you guys are actually learning.
So this position, we're actually very, very, very interested in executing, but not just yet.
I want to execute this position once we have some type of engulfing confirmation.
So right now I have.
My potential entry right under this level, because when this candlestick closes under it, it is a engulfing candlestick.
So just put my alarm under there to pretty much notify me once we have that engulfing candlestick.
Even the 15 minute hasn't had the engulfing quite just yet.
So we're going to stay up all night tonight because that literally might happen very, very, very soon.
We actually ended up taking then the account from the 22 to about 60K in profit, more or less.
Drum roll, please.
What the fuck?
Trade update $19,000 in profit.
Now, how fast did this happen?
Very fast.
Let me show you guys.
So right now, USDJPY exactly how I explained yesterday.
We already explained the only way we'd be interested in taking this position right here is if we have a break, retest, and then sell.
Price literally broke, retested, sell.
Exactly what we anticipated.
Perfect entry signal literally one hour ago, as you guys can see down here, 8 o'clock in the morning.
Currently right now, it is 10 o'clock in the morning.
So as soon as we entered this position, market immediately started heading to the downside.
Look how fast this momentum of this market is currently moving.
Beautiful 30 minutes bearish engulfing evening star formation, 15 minute time frame.
As soon as the candlestick close, boom, just completely downside move, which is absolutely beautiful.
This is the trade that we avoided yesterday, and we avoided to take the loss because it never retested and gave us the engulfing of this left head and the right shoulder.
Now avoided this loss.
We can remove this.
Now we have this position right here.
We're just looking decent, right?
Obviously, I'm just hyped because I risked a lot more than I should have because we're trying to turn $20,000 into 40.
So I can literally close the position right now, and then we will have the $40,000 in profit that we need.
Literally.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
What the fuck just happened?
Oh, shit.
Oh, whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Don't you fucking do it?
Hold on.
I'm in shock right now.
I saw 50,000.
It was at the bottom of that wick right there.
All right.
Is news happening right now?
Probably.
Well, now I'm on edge.
I'm going to put an alarm right around my entry signal just to let me know that it is up there.
I have to put an alarm at the bottom of this candlestick.
If we get a candlestick to go back under that wick, we're pretty much good.
We are good.
You don't want this.
All right.
So currently, right now, we had a little quick spaz in the markets.
This is what trading in the market is.
This is why people go crazy when they risk more money than they should.
If I was risking three, four or 5% like a normal human, I wouldn't even care.
Oh, right now, $40,000 floating in profit.
That's all we care about.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
I can't make this up, dude.
I can't make this up, dude.
Oh, holy shit.
Holy shit, bro.
You understand me, dude?
Yo, there's no way.
Oh, I kind of hurt myself.
Is my watch okay?
That's fine.
It doesn't matter.
We go buy another one.
Oh, dude, we're about to be at $100,000.
Yo, the countdown is legendary.
We got to keep going, we got to keep going, we got to keep going, we got to keep going, we got to keep going.
$95,000, $95,000.
Yo, it's going to hit $100,000.
Yo, it's going to hit $100,000.
We got to keep going.
Look, dude, I think we got up to there.
I just got to focus.
This right here shows you guys that the fucking fundamentals will follow the technicals.
All right, I got to focus, dude.
Market update, boys.
Markets update, boys.
And ladies and gentlemen, we have officially, officially closed the accounts.
No, no, drum roll, please.
Thank you very much.
We have officially closed at $90,000 on the account.
So we ended off the week, I think about $90,000, $80,000, something like that in profit.
And honestly, I didn't have really anything else to do.
So I had a bright idea.
Why not buy five, six junk cars, call my other rich friends, and let's just go play bumper cars.
So we ended off closing off the week with about $90,000, I think, in profit and playing bumper cars.
Which is pretty legendary because I got a pretty big group of people together in under two hours.
Like, imagine you're getting a phone call saying, yo, pull up to this location and let's play bumper cars.
Everybody's reaction is like, what the fuck?
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
As much as I would want to go right into the markets and show you my trades on this week, where I'm going to be turning the $90,000 into $200,000.
I have to spoon feed my children, my very special children, the haters.
Come here.
Airplane.
So the beginning of week nine, something that I expected to happen, happened.
The haters, the haters decided to arise, and they decided to then voice their opinions on their challenge.
Now, keep in mind, haters were not voicing their opinion up to this point.
Why?
Because the account wasn't big enough.
Turning $100,000 to $300,000 and then $300,000 to $4,000 or $5,000 is just not exciting.
But now when I started having
multiple six figures fluctuating automatically, people wanted to then say, he's not showing the trade history.
It's not real.
He blew the account.
Like, if I have not been showing every single trade before, during, after, up to this point, literally showing every single trade in my free telegram, in my Discord, in my Instagram, on YouTube, they wanted to voice their opinions.
And I said, okay, you know what?
Nobody's going to fuck with my reputation.
My reputation is everything.
So I addressed the haters, showed the trade history, and then continued on with the journey.
Because truthfully, if they were concerned about the challenge being legit at this point, I said, you know what?
Thank you.
That means I'm not doing good enough a job.
Let me double down on making this even more transparent and even more legit.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is currently 1115 in the morning.
And as of right now, the account is currently sitting at a whopping $115,000.
Now, you know what?
Let me just we're currently sitting at $115,000.
Now, the reason why I'm not excited is because we could have literally been in this much profit.
We've been holding the last trade, but it sucks.
So we have to overexpose ourselves.
But it's okay. Why?
Because the strategy is working once again.
NZDCAD literally having left head, right shoulder retest of the neckline.
Exactly what I explained today on the one hour time frame.
Higher, higher, higher, low.
Higher, higher, higher, low.
Higher, higher, higher, low.
Once it breaks and retests this neckline, we will be interested in selling.
And, boys, that is exactly what we did.
We broke and we retested once again.
Does not get any more legit than this.
Oh, but you want to know what's the crazy part?
That the downside potential of this trade is massive.
We can reach lows all the way up to this structure point right here.
But we're not going to do that.
We're not going to be.
We're going to be greedy.
We're going to be realistic and set real take profits.
And we entered this position.
Once we body close under this right here, we're pretty much good.
And very ironically, the same week that I call out the haters is the same week
where I'm supposed to be fluctuating in multiple six figures in profits.
I actually ended up having the biggest loss.
I don't even know why I'm laughing at this point.
It's a 44,000 fuck, bro.
This is why we can't fuck around talking shit.
We fucking jinxed it.
Talking.
Bullshit.
So we just took a unnecessary $40,000 loss on the NCDCAT.
The same week I decided to troll the haters, which honestly, it was kind of funny because I made it even more legit, even more transparent.
And I expected to win a trade and I lost.
I lost in front of everybody.
And after I trolled the haters, which kind of like it was an L on my side.
But you know what?
I'm glad I'm glad that that happened because that only made me stronger to then come into the next week.
So we started off the challenge.
This week on about 90,000 and we ended off on 40, which kind of sucks because after you address haters, you want to win.
You want to win on the haters.
I lost on the haters.
Even though we did lose 50% of the account, I did something the haters can't.
I got on a G4 to go to the Dominican Republic to not only do a podcast on the jet, but to go check out my tobacco farm that I have for this brand that I'm actually building, which is my new cigar brand.
And I said, okay, I might have lost for the week.
But let's take this private jet.
This cool podcast and be back in about 36 hours just to check up on how the cigars are doing and coming right back.
So the haters had the laugh at the beginning of the week, but then I had it at the end of the week.
All right, ladies and gentlemen, good morning.
Let's head to our office.
Let me show you the starting balance for this week on the account.
Wrong phone, right phone.
So right now, the starting balance for this week is going to be $34,000.
So to start off week ten, we got on the jet right back to Miami.
But before I leave, I like taking care of the people.
That took care of me while we were out in this trip in the Dominican Republic.
Had one of the best chefs, one of the best services.
Tipped them about $2,000 or $3,000 in ones that I happened to find in my duffel bag.
Don't ask me why it's ones.
Don't ask me how it got there.
I don't know.
I have to do it.
I have to do it.
I have to do it.
I have to do it.
I have to do it.
I have to do it.
I have to do it.
You know what's funny?
You could give somebody in the United States $10,000 like cash, like a big stack like this, and they'll be like, thanks.
They won't give a shit.
First thing that I do when I get back is pull up the timepiece trading, buy a new Richard Mill because I felt like my wrist was a little weak.
I'm like, you know what?
We've been doing this for ten weeks.
I need some motivation.
I need something.
better Bugatti is not enough and it's broken let's go buy new Richard Mille
what you just picked up it's limited to 50 pieces in the world it's the Asia
Edition it's carbon super light I think it's cool like it's good contrast from
you like your white watch your gold watch what makes this like the Asia
Edition the color way all I did black and black all just shot but I like this
one that's it okay why not about a change for Steve would do it we
give away out to him the fuck's going on you know he never gets gifts so I was
like let me be the first guy to actually gift this guy so he's always giving
other people stuff and I thought it was a nice gesture he doesn't need it
probably got the chain throws it into the safe and never looks at it ever
again but my conscious
it's good we are currently in a position that we are gonna continue to set and
forget I mean I literally just called it last night it's not my first time
calling it all right boys so market update we are currently up 41,000 so
we're back out we're not even back what we were last week and we just did the
dumbest thing ever we just executed a last right here because we decided to
enter this position right around this area thinking that I was just gonna
continue to go down like when you don't sleep all night you just start seeing
shit but then I go down to the one hour I'm like but wait this price definitely
has the opportunity to come back and retest this level of support and
resistance just how we did here it could even go up further it could
literally go back up all the way up to this area right around here before
actually going down so the 80 lot that I took at that point right there I simply
closed it because it was actually retarded so now I'm currently in this
position it's literally what I said yesterday we're ready to execute
it we're just waiting for the right confirmations we just got the break of
the structure how I wanted to enter the EMA yeah we're in this position now so I'm
just gonna anticipate for price to continue having a push to the downside
after this retest we avoided a loss yesterday on Euro GBP avoided a loss on
GBP JPY and avoided a loss on Euro AUD so we've been dodging bullets all week
finally managed to catch one that aligned
with this strategy close the position at the top of this week up here and
literally we wanted the best decision we could have done we close these two
positions at a $2,000 loss for a total of a hundred and sixty lots then we
waited for price to have its rejection now some of you guys would have been
like why are you closed for no reason you could have still been hoping to trade
you know what you're right you're right dude but you wouldn't be of sixty three
thousand dollars if I did not do that why because i wouldn't have done that Entre
waited for this next entry bearish engulfing confirmation uh evening star formation under the
ema rejection from the structure and i said you know what okay fine you want to take me out of
break even and you want to make me lose an extra 15 pips from the original entry that i originally
had up here from this to this point okay fine i'll make it back by risking 170 more lots on
this position before we had 160 lots which was these positions right here 80 plus 80 is 160
you add all these up and we have 330 so we essentially almost doubled a little bit over
the risk that we had before but we got an extra confirmation that we did not get here
and you know what i fuck with it because yeah we lose 15 pitch from the entry but we gain 170 lots
it sucks in the short term but on the long term trust me it's gonna pay off
you
man dude how stressful dude these last couple of hours yes yes that's not as in profit like we
weren't just up 70 000 fucking dollars this shit's making me go crazy all right we just got out right
now uh fucking i don't know dude i don't even know how much that is uh like six thousand dollars
in profit five thousand whatever bro what a swing dude how do you go from like 13 how do you go from
this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this
to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to this to
from what we were starting at to about $200,000.
Now, you might be wondering,
what the fuck?
The video just started.
It didn't.
The video started yesterday on Sunday Swings.
Welcome, welcome, welcome to another Sunday Swings
where I literally broke down
every single one of these trades to the T.
I entered USDCAD on the sales once again.
So if you guys go watch last week's series,
you guys would see what I went through last week
right here at this very moment.
I entered this trade, got stopped out of breakeven.
I closed out of breakeven.
I entered this trade,
closed myself out of breakeven right here.
It was an absolute brutal Friday.
Now price came back into the area
that exactly what I said it was going to do.
And then we executed the positions
right at the top of this area.
Such a beautiful trade.
Look at this retest here from this level of support,
support, support, resistance,
rejection,
from the EMA daily timeframe.
Currently having that break of structure.
This daily candlestick can go off 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10,
11 candlesticks.
Then we had the pullback.
Then we had the weekly double doji rejection from the EMA rejection
from the structure.
There's so many things that are going to make this trade,
create a new lower low rather than create a higher high.
All I did was simply reenter the trade where I was originally entered.
The only thing that changed.
Is the mindset behind when I entered this trade versus when I entered this trade.
But if you notice I'm taking the exact same trait,
maybe the pattern formation here and where it is at the area of interest EMA.
Look at the pattern formation here.
It's at the area of interest and EMA.
And then you simply set them forgets and we're now up $168,000.
And yes, it's the same account as always boys.
You guys can see right here in the trade history.
We get like, I can literally close this position right now.
So it's literally Monday morning and I can live.
You close out this position at this very point right here and be done for the week.
And there goes this series five minutes, but you know what?
We're not stopping there.
We're going to keep it going.
We're going to try and turn this hundred something thousand into the million today.
Now the goal for the week was to double the account.
And like always, I see the structure continuing with the trend.
So I'm going to set and forget.
I want to maximize my profits, but minimize my losses trade update.
It is currently 12 45 in the morning.
It's about to be 1am right now.
We are in a new position where now the account is up 35 gazillion dollars.
I'm kidding.
We're still at the same exact spot.
Still no trades that we have added on to the chat.
So we didn't miss this new added position on USD cat.
As you guys can see, prices actually had a retracement to the area.
Exactly how I anticipated rice came back, reaches the structure level.
And now it looks like it's having a sell-down.
We literally pulled out.
I mean, you know, we had a little bit more that we could have potentially gotten, but
you know, it's simply not worth it.
So we got out at the perfect area right before this retracement.
We're looking to add positions here, but the session was not the right session to be
entering this trade.
So for me to be interested in adding a new position, I would have to wait for a retest
here to then head to the downside.
So I'm going to be waiting for that lower high to then sell wake up the next day.
And I see the trade could have tripled the account.
I could have closed.
The account at half a million dollars by doing nothing.
And you know, this didn't mess with my psychology a little bit, but I'm leading by example.
I have too many people watching me.
I have to be realistic and be like, you know what guys, this is going to happen.
You're going to set and forget, and you're going to close at the point where you thought
it was the final point before price reversed, but the trade keeps on going.
It's okay.
You made money, you hit your take profit, you move on.
So I did miss out on about 300 K on the trade, but it's okay because I hit the profit for the week.
And.
That we showed people that we can come back from two losing weeks to breaking in weeks to now tripling the account on one single trade.
It's week 12 of me turning this into a million day trading.
So on week 12 is where things start getting a little interesting because now every single trade we're about to take is going to fluctuate hundreds of thousands of dollars.
So like always the pairs that we analyze on Sunday swings ended up taking it.
We fluctuated up and down.
Trade update.
Ah,
I feel like.
I feel like I've said this a million times trade up there right now.
We are up $59,000 on the account, but not only have I said this a million times, I'm talking about this.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, what is going on every single time?
Yo, what the fuck?
Yo, it's every time, dude.
Yo, I can't make this up, dude.
Yo, I can't make this shit up, bro.
Bro.
I was literally going to say we have.
The head and shoulders pattern.
We see this pattern a gazillion times, and then we usually always have the retest to then sell.
Dude, what is happening, dude?
What is happening, bro?
All right.
Well, look at that.
There goes our trade update right there.
We're up $100,000.
The goal for the week is to have a ticket.
Bro, what's there?
Come on.
Do your thing.
And dude, I was just so calm.
I was so relaxed.
I was so pacific.
Well, the goal was to show you guys that what I said.
We need it yesterday to happen, which was the head and shoulders.
We put our alarm at the structure, and once we body close under it, we get the retest, and then we sell.
That's basically it.
We've said it 100 fucking times.
You can't make this up, dude.
You cannot make this up.
Okay, so right now we are up exactly a one to one, and we're up about 100,000.
That means when we get to.
A one to two, we should be up 200,000, and when we get to a one to three, we'll be up 300,000.
Isn't that beautiful?
Don't you want to have your easy math like that every single time you add a risk for what is an extra 100K 100K 100K.
Sounds good to me.
This is why I didn't want to celebrate earlier or be anywhere near excited because I expected for something like this to happen.
We are currently down about $25,000 in the account when we were up earlier.
About 100,000.
$250,000 at the height of it, the market's diddy diddled the dead out of me.
Look at this price went not only straight into our stop loss, but a complete violation break through the previous structure level, almost through the screen and out the fucking roof.
We just got diddy diddled in the diddle.
Fuck.
Luckily, we did not risk much on the position.
We are only back at 135.
$35,000 and we only took about a $68,000 loss on the account, which given this trade, I should have risked 100%, but I explained to you the higher I go in the account, I lower my risk by 25 to 50%, so I'm not even mad.
I'm not.
It's just, it's one of those losses with this type of approach.
You know, Albert Einstein has projects that sometimes don't, don't do well.
And right now we are not doing well.
We're still at the same exact spot.
Still no.
No.
We're still at the same exact spot.
We're still at the same exact spot.
We're still at the same exact spot.
So our trade ideas are going to potentially start moving as of right now.
GBP CHF or cells.
I love how this price action is currently looking right now.
Daily timeframe close of the daily doji.
And if you go down to the one hour, one hour has had what looks to be like a little double top.
I'm literally going to wait for a break and retest under this area right here.
So this is kind of like the consolidation zone it's in.
So I want to have some type of break out of this.
And then.
Quick retest to then.
So a little breakout, then a quick retest and so everything depends on the price action, but I want to enter here, but I can't enter here right now.
I need to break out confirmation and then the pullback to enter here, or I don't mind entering a little bit lower, but I just need the confirmation that it's having a breakout in time.
You're up 238,000 motherfucking dollars.
GP CHF trade update.
So right now.
We have three very unique entries on GBP CHF, and I want to explain them to perfection because this moved very fast, literally only like four hours.
This is just one candlestick.
So GBP CHF, we had the four hour bearish engulfing, how I wanted from that area.
And then we obviously entered at the breakout of all of this consolidation zone here.
I entered on this one in the morning candlestick as it was getting ready to close entered, right?
There spread took a little bit down and then we add our next entry on this 15 minute pullback.
So we had the full move.
I'm like, yes, amazing, beautiful.
But then we had this pullback and on this pullback, I waited for this engulfing confirmation.
We entered on this pullback of this wick.
And then the next entry we entered at the bottom of that rejection candle right there.
And those are our three entries.
We have our first one up here.
Our second one right here.
And our third one.
Right around here.
And our take profit was very strategically placed at this next four hour low.
So as you can see the four hours clearly bearish, higher, higher, higher, low, low, low, lower, high, lower, low, lower, high.
We're destined to create a new lower low, but up to where up to this structure point.
And you can clearly see that price has very well reacted from that structure point.
This is only a one to 2.7 risk to reward.
And we've risked a lot more than what we're risking here.
On different markets.
This move just happens to be very, very volatile.
Like we're up 102 pips right now.
We got a set and forget the trade either hits my stop loss or hits my take profit.
And I set and forget and the trade ended up closing off at the highest point, which I think it was about $400,000 at this point where the challenge is right now.
So we stuck to our trading plan.
We held ourself accountable while doing this live in front of hundreds of thousands of people on my telegram, discord, Instagram, YouTube, absolutely everywhere.
I'm not the only one making money at this point.
There are so many of you guys that have done your own flips that I'm like, oh shit, this shit's getting serious.
I did a podcast with a student that by copying my exact same trades, he took, uh, what was it?
I think he did a thousand dollars to $150,000.
This guy, by just watching my Instagram stories became a six figure person by watching 10 second Instagram stories.
Talk about fucking value trade update.
We close at 332,000 trade history.
As you guys can see.
We have officially closed the position at the highest point keyword.
We've closed the position.
We were just up 400,000.
We lost 70 K just because of fucking floating bullshit.
Can you know what we actually want to trade?
We shouldn't be doing that.
So after we closed off on week 12 at about $400,000 on week 13, I got a bright idea.
We're going to fucking live stream the last trade, turning 400 into a million bucket.
I came up with a bright idea to do it on Instagram.
I go on Instagram, try to do an IG live.
Doesn't let me said, okay, you know what?
Everything happens for a reason.
This then go to YouTube and we start a live stream, turning $400,000 to $800,000.
All right, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the live stream today in the morning when I literally just woke up like an hour ago and I'm seeing the trade that I took last night.
I'm like, yo, I have to do an IG.
Live from the moment that I wake up to this trade hits a million.
Then I go to my IG.
So I'm going to show you guys right now.
So this is my account.
As you guys can see, when I go into my account, I go into my settings and I'm trying to go on live.
So I'm going to do it right now with you guys.
Right.
So right here on my IG, I try and go live.
So I click here live at this time.
Your account is not eligible to use this.
So even if I wanted to.
I couldn't go live on Instagram and I'm like, fuck, how do I stream like for me this very point, the whole entire way of me turning the $100,000 to the amount like it's going to literally be like the rawest day in the life that I think anybody has ever done.
So basically, we're going to stream until this account turns into a mill, whether it happens today, tomorrow, the day after.
I don't plan to turn off the stream until we don't reach the million.
So this can last.
An hour, which I don't think so, based off of the price action, or this can last 24 hours.
This can last 48 hours.
I will not shut off the stream until we don't complete the challenge.
This is something that is legendary and I want it to be documented the whole entire way.
So get prepared, get comfortable, because this is going to be an interesting 24 hours, 48 hours.
You guys are going to see real day in my life.
Obviously, I have to enter.
Some meetings and stuff.
You know, I can't have you guys be part of that.
I'll just kind of like put it to the phone and shit.
So I mean, so we're live, bro.
Like, what are we doing now?
Like, we're just live.
Look, this is literally live right now.
How much are we up?
600.
Fuck.
History.
Hold up.
Is it focusing?
Is it focusing?
Yeah.
Is it a little higher?
Yeah, there you go.
You want it higher than that?
Huh?
Okay.
So.
Basically, we have USDCHF where basically we have been interested in taking this position since early this week.
You guys can tell how we've had this very strong consolidation zone.
And then what we ended up doing is we broke out of that consolidation zone.
Let me actually take off all these writings.
So once we broke out of this consolidation zone, we were then waiting for price to have a retest of this area.
Once it retested the structure, then we would continue to head to the upside.
Now, this had the retest exactly.
Not exactly as I wanted.
But it made it to the area and we had the most important thing, which is going to be our entry signal, which is this right here.
This right here is our entry signal.
Not this specifically, but there is something in here that happened that is my entry signal.
And I don't really ever speak about it.
And you know what?
I'm going to talk about it on the stream, but not right now because we just got started with the stream and I don't see this market moving for the next.
Seven hours.
So only to the soldiers that are with me for these next seven hours that I'm doing this stream, am I going to actually break everything down of my strategy and everything?
So.
I, you know, I feel like I came up with this idea and I haven't really processed that.
We don't really put too much thought into this.
Bro, for real, dude.
What the fuck, bro?
Because now I can't turn it off.
I just can't.
I'm so committed.
I can't.
I live stream for literally 26 hours.
I was with you guys when I went to throw away trash, when I went to go eat, when I went to go drift, when I went to go do my day to day life.
I literally was with you guys all the time.
So I don't want to say this is probably one of the most spontaneous little events I've done.
I probably expected five people to pull up, six people to pull up.
We have well over almost like 50, 60 people.
It's two in the morning.
You guys are maniacs, right?
I'm telling you guys.
No, I thought I was a freak staying up all night watching the markets.
You are.
Well, okay.
I could be a maniac, but I'm not the only one.
I'm surrounded by other people that are passionate about this shit.
People that are willing to do whatever the fuck it takes to make this shit go down.
And yeah, it's cool that I dropped the pin and was able to get you guys here together.
But this shit is not about me, bro.
This is about you guys.
You guys got to realize that you guys are doing the same thing that I'm doing to be able to be on the same journey that I am.
You guys are staying up.
You guys are putting money at risk.
You guys are learning, failing, rinse and repeating.
And over time, you're not the same person that you were last month compared to now.
So I just want to say, like, the people that you are around right now are the people you want to be around with.
You're the fifth person out of your four people in your friend group.
If your four friends are smoking weed, you're fucking smoking weed.
If your four friends are ditty, you're the fifth ditty.
That's how it goes.
You guys were telling me to close the trade when we were up 700,000.
This is not done.
There's a lot more in this.
You guys told me to close the trade when price started pulling back and we were at 600,000.
And on the live stream.
Not only am I answering all your guys' questions, but I am literally engraving the mindset you need to adapt to be able to handle these types of swings.
The trade isn't done.
The trade has not hit the take profit.
You do not close.
The trade was at about 700,000, and I wish you could see the chat literally thousands of people live watching, saying, close, close, close, close.
Clearly, none of these people are my students, and they don't know how the set and forget strategy works.
The center forget strategy.
Works by set and forgetting.
You have a stop loss.
You have a take profit.
Price is either going to hit one or the other.
And guess what we did?
We set and fucking forget.
We have officially closed the challenge.
Just do it.
The trade not only hit our take profit and we close at 800,000.
The trade continued to create new highs.
If I would have just continued to hold for two more hours, I would have completely finished the challenge.
At this.
Very moment.
I could have finished it on a legendary 26 hour stream.
But you know what?
I'm glad that I follow my strategy and I close out where I did because then this gave me the opportunity on week 14 to start off the stream right at the beginning of the week where then we took the final $800,000 to then the million.
And all I can say.
You know what?
I'm going to let the stream speak for itself.
So that was like looking back at those clips right now.
It really lets me just like settle in and realize.
But what I was talking, I was out of my mind.
I was losing sleep every single night.
I was taking a unnecessary amount of stress that I didn't need to take.
And honestly, I just put this challenge on my shoulders for whatever reason that I came up to it.
But if there's something that I did realize after watching back on these videos and looking at what I did is that I stayed true to one thing.
And that is my strategy.
Every single trade that I took, I had an extreme consistency behind every single trade.
I understood exactly the type of trade that I was taking.
I was reading market structure the proper way.
I was properly having a trade hit my area of interest.
I was having a trade, probably giving my interest signal at the right time.
Like despite all the noise and everything going down, I stuck to one simple approach into the market.
And that is confluence trading.
Having the trade makes sense now.
Yes.
Yes.
Was it fun?
Was it exciting?
Was it a crazy journey?
Yes.
Will I do it again?
Maybe.
I think that that person that I was when I started that challenge was not the same person that came out at the end of the other side.
And the person that I am today is not the same person even when I finished that challenge.
Because that just led me to understand not only the markets in a different way, but that let me understand myself.
And just trading as a whole.
Understanding the opportunity that trading has to offer.
And the real raw way of flipping accounts, aggressive trading.
Just being a full-blown trader.
Just every single thing that I would wake up, eat, sleep, breathe would just be trading.
There was nothing else that was on my mind for those three months of me completing that journey.
And if there's something that I would take away from that whole entire journey.
It would be that for you to succeed in this, for you to do what I do in this or what other people are doing in this is that you need to do exactly that.
You need to emerge yourself in this.
This needs to be what you eat, sleep, breathe.
I have so many people that come up to me in the public and they're like, hey man, I really want to have this trading stuff as a side gig.
I want to have an extra source of income.
I'm like, buddy, that's not going to happen.
Trading is not going to be an extra source of income for you.
You're either awesome.
You're all in or you're not.
Can it become an extra source of income in the future once you understand how to trade and how you do this properly?
Yes, of course.
100%.
But you first need to be all in how I was in that challenge to understand the markets and understand yourself on how to understand the markets.
And then once you understand everything, you could treat it as a side gig because you get it.
But you can't get something until you don't actually get it.
That is probably the biggest takeaway.
That I took from this whole entire challenge is that I really engulfed myself in the market as a whole.
And if there's something that I now have so much passion for is not only trading, but it's getting other traders to understand the markets exactly how I do it at this point.
I have students of mine now that they break down the trays and they not only break them down just like me, but they almost sound like me.
Like they're literally reading the markets.
They're talking head and shoulders.
They're talking area of interest.
They're talking shift to structure.
At the exact points where I do.
When I break down the trade, sometimes some of my students, I'm like, I don't even need to teach anymore.
Like you guys can do this for me because this is like speaking a language.
Trading is not difficult.
All you need to do is just simply learn.
Something's not hard if you don't know it.
But when you know it, you simply know it.
For me right now, talking Chinese will be very difficult.
But is it impossible?
No.
Will it take me a year to be able to perfect it and be able to fluently listen to Chinese music?
Yeah, I'm not going to get it right off the bat.
But if I surround myself.
With a bunch of people that speak Chinese and are constantly communicating in it.
And we're writing it down and everything we do is in Chinese.
I'm going to be able to grab it a lot faster.
And that's where I've been dedicating a lot of my time to lately.
And it's getting these right people in the right environment to be speaking this right language.
The people inside of my community, my community is no longer open to the public.
Like everything I've lived.
I like the people that want to learn how to trade and learn how to properly read the markets.
Like this is what YouTube is for.
This is what this platform is for.
It's for you guys.
So just go ahead and have everything on one spot.
That's what this is for.
But the people that actually want to take trading serious and actually learn a strategy
and be a part of a community.
That's what I dedicate my time to.
Like I have a very, very small circle of traders where I break down trades with them live.
I get to review their trades live.
People get to actually be on a zoom call with me one-on-one.
They get to open their mind, ask me questions.
And these are people that are actually serious about trading.
If you want to know what trading is, how trading works, what is a support and resistance?
What is it?
This?
What is it?
That's what my YouTube is for.
And I will gladly do that for you.
And you're going to learn what everything is, right?
There's nothing else that I can teach you what it is or how it really works.
This is everything you need to know.
Now, there's a very fine line in between knowing what something is and how it works
and how to master it and use it in an every single day live real market example.
Because by the time you're watching this video,
the markets that you're seeing in these examples are probably months old, weeks old, maybe
even years old.
It depends when you're watching this video.
But what isn't is these live calls that I do with my students where we're literally
executing the strategy and on very unique examples that are happening in the market
every single day.
The market's never going to give you the exact same pattern.
It's going to be very similar.
It's going to have a little bit of tweak here and there.
And that's what I dedicate my new time to.
It's getting these traders to the next level.
Not only understanding the markets and teaching them the what's in the house, but it's the
exact points.
When to execute it and when to not.
And I made a very rookie mistake in my early years of educating people.
And that's why I took a very big break for a while.
And that's that.
I pretty much just let everybody inside of my community.
I let anybody that wanted to join and be part of a winning community.
I would just let them in because I wanted to help everybody and anybody.
But that was actually a problem, right?
Because all different types of people would be joining and just some people that didn't
really want to take it serious and wanted to make this their side thing.
And if you're not.
Ready to make this your full time thing.
I really don't want to be working with you because it just simply takes away from other
people that do and people that are ready to dedicate all their time into this.
So my community is no longer available to just anybody.
It's the people that are actually ready to be part of a circle.
That's going to be executing this every single day.
If you're not ready to execute this every single day, it's just simply not your time.
Figure out a time when it's right for you, because the last thing that you want to do
is do something half.
Fast.
And then at the end of the day, end up quitting because you never gave you 100%.
Just don't even start if you're not ready to do it.
It's just not meant to be.
The timing needs to be right.
You need to be ready to go through these endless challenges and this endless journey that
trading is going to go.
And my students lately have been having the most insane results.
Like, for example, you can really take Mike.
Mike took $1,000 into $130,000 while still working a full time job living in Canada.
And you can take Philip 22 years.
Old and he made over 30,000.
And I'm not even going to just speak on this, right?
I'm going to literally show you and let the results speak for themselves.
I have this ad, but I have so many testimonials of my students that I had to go create a whole
entire YouTube channel just to upload the podcast in here.
Like, and these are just the ones that and the making public.
But I have hundreds of podcasts with the thousands of my students that are part of my private
community where I literally have to do this interview with them.
Because.
I need to really understand what was that to come from one point to another?
Was it the way how they actually executed the market structure?
Was it the actual entry signal?
Was it the full confluence trading and using my checklist?
Was it having me every single Sunday sharing the trades that I'm interested in taking in?
They're just following these trades.
I saw a pattern.
I saw a pattern in every single one of these students that I have done a podcast with and
having crazy results like making $180,000 in two years.
Turning $100 into 10,000 making $62,000 in three months.
I remember this trader.
He has a cannabis business.
He's part of it with a partner and he made an extra $62,000 in three months.
This student, for example, where he made $120,000 in one single year.
And I literally made a bet with him when we did our first podcast.
And we did our, our part, one of our podcasts right over here.
And I told them that if he came back a year later and he was more profitable than what
he was, that I would give him $10,000.
Okay.
You can go watch this for yourselves.
And I, I literally paid my students $10,000 because I wanted him to trade my funds.
And we kind of have a little thing going on where we do a profit split, so on and so forth.
The pattern that I saw in every single one of my students is they follow the strategy.
Like if they're life dependent on it and they dedicated 100% of their time to learning this
strategy, learning the strategy takes time.
It takes effort.
And most importantly, you need to prioritize this.
Like if you need to eat, sleep, breathe, trading, and if you're that person and you're
ready to take on this journey, I have some new spots that I'm opening to be part of
my community.
The link is in the description down below.
You guys can go ahead and apply, right?
You can just join right now.
Even if you wanted to, you have to be qualified to be part of my community.
If, if you don't qualify, you know, you can, you'll be able to talk to my team.
My team will be like, Hey, look, she said, you know, you're qualified or, Hey, look,
you're not qualified for this reason.
You should go work on this, or you should go watch this video first.
After you finish watching this video, maybe come back and apply again, right?
We have a series of questions that will be able to determine if you're the right fit
to be part of this community or not.
And just, if you're going to go apply and be a part of the students, be as truthful
as you can with the answers that you're going to answer.
Because if you just answer something with little to no effort, we were just going to
completely disqualify you and not even remotely have any interest in having you part of the
community.
We have people that not only apply once, they apply twice, three times, and they find multiple
ways to get accepted and trying to just find a hack to get in.
That's not going to work, right?
Like my team goes through a very strict process to accepting people to be part of my community.
If I'm getting on a zoom call with you on a one-on-one basis, and I'm going to be breaking
down your trades.
If we're going to be reviewing your trades, like I want to make sure you're the right
person and you're worth my time.
Right.
And just being fully honest, like I don't need to teach more people.
I need to teach the right people because my goal is to have.
Yeah.
The most successful trading community and eventually build.
I want to build the trading floor and have a lot more plans that I have in the future.
And I need the right people to be part of this circle for me.
And if you care to be part of this community or it spikes your interest, once again, the
link in the description is down below breed, the application, watch the video before you
watch the app before you actually fill out the application.
So you understand what you're getting yourself involved to.
If you're not ready to give your a hundred percent, do not even remotely think that this
is the right time for you.
Once you're ready.
Once you understand.
You have a clear understanding.
If you've seen this video maybe once or twice, then go ahead and hit that apply button, because
we want to make sure that you're the right fit to be part of this community and we can
actually take your trading to the next level.
And this is somewhere where not only do I teach you how to trade, but I teach you how
to trade from zero to 100.
So I'll give you the exact full blueprint, exactly what I have just shown you here, but
a much more defined version of it.
You're also going to be part of a winning community where there's going to be other
successful traders inside of this community that share the trade that they're taking every
single day.
I'm personally in there engaging as well.
You can ask questions directly to me inside of this community.
You have the famous Sunday swings where every single Sunday.
And once you join, you're going to see the recordings of all of the Sundays that I've
been doing for the last three years, where it's over 150 something recordings of me,
literally predicting the markets every single week.
And I am literally getting on a zoom call every single Sunday, sharing with you the
top trades that I am interested in taking for the week.
And why I am interested in taking these markets, because I'm literally explaining to you this
market is good because of X, Y, and Z, and this market is bad because of X, Y, and Z.
So all of your efforts are on the right market and you're going to execute the strategy on
the right market.
The pattern that I saw with these students that led them to not only succeeding because
of the strategy is this, because they're parts of a winning circle and they're currently
following the proper markets that they should be following.
And you can also get access for me to review
your trades where you get to get on a one-on-one with me.
And I get to better understand why you're making certain mistakes on certain trades
and how we can actually fix that because everybody has different mistakes in their journey and
they're executing things correctly in some areas, but incorrectly in some areas.
And since you're by yourself in your office and you don't have somebody there to correct you,
maybe your family, your siblings, your cousin, they just don't understand what you're doing.
They just simply don't get it.
And you need somebody that not only knows how to do it,
but they know how to do it.
And I've seen thousands of other people that I know how to do it and have become very successful
from it.
So if you think this is the right fit for you, hit the link in description down below,
we would love for you to be part of the community.
If it's the right fit for you, if not check out some more videos, get a little bit better
understanding of how trading works, get a feel for it, make some mistakes, make some
money, lose some money, get, get that urge of you of actually executing a trade out.
And if it's something that you still want to pursue, and despite you getting beat up
sometimes.
And.
Take on a challenge, come back and hit the apply button and we'll see if you're ready
to be part of the team.
If you watch the video all the way to this point, all I want to say is that I truly wish
I saw one of these videos.
When I started my journey, I cannot stress to you how many videos I saw endlessly inside
of YouTube, just searching the internet, what certain things were and how to piece
everything together.
And it was honestly just a nightmare.
And, you know, looking back to it now, I don't regret my journey one bit.
And.
I definitely don't wish I had it another way, but having a video like this and having
a mentor like what I'm doing now would have definitely facilitated everything and would
have saved me a lot of time.
And maybe a couple of my buddies that started this journey with me, they would have not
quit and they would have not made so many mistakes where it led them to quitting because
they just got overwhelmed and didn't see the light at the end of the tunnel.
It didn't make sense for them to continue to push because there was just in their eyes,
there was just no real reward for the risk that they were taking.
And, you know, you guys watching this video, you're extremely fortunate.
And I just want to say thank you for watching this video to the end.
If you guys have not hit that like and subscribe button, do that at this very moment right now,
hit that like and subscribe button.
If you're watching this video in the future, you know, a couple of months from when it
got uploaded or even a couple of years from when it got uploaded.
All I can say is that you are not too late to get treated like you're not too late to
get involved in anything, whether it's just your first trade, whether it's a new strategy,
whether it's just rewatching.
This video like the markets are not going to go anywhere as long as we have currencies
around the world, we will have a market, whether it is a digital currency or whether it is
a actual currency, the markets will be there.
The opportunity for you to make money is going to be there.
Don't get FOMO thinking, oh, my God, I have been wasting two years of my life at this
job when I could have learned this or I could have been doing this instead of being at college.
Don't get FOMO.
Yes.
Did you miss out on opportunities?
A hundred percent.
A lot of people have made money from the opportunities that have just passed by.
But that doesn't mean that there's not new opportunities coming into the market.
The markets are not going to go anywhere.
I always look forward to tomorrow and the opportunities of tomorrow.
I never look back at the opportunities that I missed because I wasn't part of that.
It wasn't meant for me.
It just simply wasn't my time.
And I know there will always be a tomorrow and there will always be another opportunity.
So it's not too late to get started.
And if you do get started, don't try and catch up for lost time.
That is how you simply put yourself into a deeper hole that can be very, very costly
and very difficult to get out of.
So hope you guys enjoyed this video.
You guys, once again, I'm not hit that like and subscribe button.
Hit it and make sure to watch any other videos.
If you want to be a student, apply down below.
And I hope you guys enjoyed this video.
I'll see you guys in the next one.
Take care, guys.
Bye.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
And by the way, by the way, most importantly, whenever.
In fucking doubt.
Set him for good boys.
Take care.
See.


==============================
VIDEO 063 — The_ONLY_Break_Of_Structure_Video_You_ll_Ever_Need-[jeewXSLHt2g]
==============================

This is the only breakup structure video that you guys will ever need.
I'm going to explain what a break of structure is, how to spot it,
and then how you guys can start taking trades with it.
So you guys can finally turn profitable.
My name is CJR.
I made over seven figures day trading at the age of 23,
and literally every single trade that I take has a break of structure involved with it.
So that being said, let's jump onto the charts and let's get into it.
So the very first thing that we need to understand is what is a break of structure
or for short, BOS.
Okay. Break of structure.
So what is a break of structure?
The definition is literally in the name.
It's a trend change, okay?
It is the current market structure breaking, okay?
It's showing a change in order flow.
It's showing a change in trend.
It's showing a change in structure.
All of those are literally the same exact thing.
So what is it?
It is a trend change.
It's a confluence that shows us when the trend is changing
and when the trend or the current trend that we're in
is changing and breaking structure
into a new trend.
So what a break of structure is we need to understand
what a trend is, okay?
So we're going for definition into another definition.
As you guys know, this is super, super, simple day trading knowledge.
There's three different ways that the market can move in an uptrend.
How do we identify an uptrend with higher highs and higher lows?
Okay?
And then the second way that the market can move is in a downtrend with lower highs or lows.
Is in a downtrend with lower highs or lower lows.
The first interessante interesting things that could happen in this business trend. In the third way that the market can move is in a downtrend. The second was then The third way that the market can move is in a downtrend with lower highs or lower lows. The increase in software then it
that the market can move is through consolidation where we are pretty much just moving sideways
there's no identifiable trend and that is where we will be able to identify breakouts in which is a
form of a break of structure but it's a little bit different than how we identify a break of
structure within these current trends but i'm going to show you guys how to identify a break
of structure within an uptrend within a downtrend and then also how to spot a breakout from
consolidation or that sideways movement so it is a trend change so now that we know what a trend is
we know that an uptrend moves in higher highs and higher lows and a downtrend moves in lower highs
and lower lows we also need to understand what a high and what a low is we're going even deeper so
we go from definition to definition to definition and then once we understand what a high and a low
is within the market and i know you guys might think you guys know what it is but
a lot of people are probably going to say oh no it's not a high it's a low it's a low it's a low
a lot of people believe it or not this is one of the most difficult confluences for them to
understand it's crazy it's one of the easiest confluences in my mind to understand and get
but a lot of people mix it up and i have no freaking clue why but i'm going to make this
as simple as possible for you guys this is why we're going through all these definitions first
so what is a high within the market it is a move up and then a move down so that means
it's a green candle followed by a red candle what is a low within the market it is a move
down then a move up a red candle then a green candle and we take the lowest point of those two
candlesticks whichever wick or body that the lowest point gets to and then whichever the highest point
that either the body or those two candlesticks formed gets to that's a high and that's a low
question here is a high a green candle than a green candle no because there hasn't been
a move down yet a red candle is a low a move down
and then another move down no because there needs to be an up candle to form the low believe it or
not some people do not understand this i know this may seem beginner to some of you guys but it
really is ridiculous how some people do not understand this so now that we understand all
the definitions to be able to create what a break of structure is the definition we know what a
trend is we know that trends are created by higher highs and higher lows and lower highs and lower
highs and lower lows will also give us a better understanding of how we arrive at a trend
okay so what is a break of structure now we know that the trend has to change i'm a místero
nibiru so this is a big locals 잔 your brain says no to coach people to change trends
but what do they mention so this shows that the trend has to change tenho ory Starbucks
about what a break of structure is so it must mean all by itself let's get this straight
we actually know the trend has to change and that is what defines a break of structures so now we're
a break of structure it's when the current trend that we are in breaks okay changes and within an
uptrend how can we identify when the uptrend is broken or changes when a low gets closed
underneath so again how do we identify uptrends higher highs and higher lows boom we're in an
uptrend when does this trend change once we close underneath the most recent low within the uptrend
now within a downtrend we're making lower highs and lower lows when does this trend change or when
does this trend break structure when we close above the most recent high within the trend why
because that is not following the trend rules what is a trend a downtrend lower highs and
lower lows what is an uptrend higher highs and higher lows when this low gets closed underneath
we are no longer in an uptrend when this high gets closed above we are no longer in a downtrend
okay in that
is what a break of structure is now believe it or not i'm sure a lot of you guys are like i got this
i'm sure you guys don't because a lot of my students they still for whatever reason are
unable to identify these things and i think it's due to their incapability of being able to
identify trends on a chart um because the chart isn't going to look as clean as just like higher
highs and higher lows moving up lower highs and lower lows moving down we need to be super good
at being able to identify these trends in real time so right now we're in a whole bunch of
consolidation on the s p 500 i'm going to make this a little bit easier let's just go into like
a higher time frame how about this i also want to find some examples that we can use yeah so
this is gorgeous so let's go in trying to find a clean example to start you guys off with okay
this is good right here so let's just look at this area of price right now and we'll start
from right here so let's say that we are right here what is the current trend that we're in so
we're looking from the left side over to this line what is the current trend that we're in well it's
pretty easy to say we're in a downtrend why because price is moving down but let's look at
the candlestick anatomy to actually prove that we are in a current downtrend so let's just start
right here we have a low and then we have a high and then we have a low right here now again let's
let's get into the anatomy even more so here and look at this what consists of a
low a move down then a move up black candle than a blue candle we take the lowest point of those
two candles boom it's this wick then we have a high a move up then a move down boom then we
have another low move down then a move up now this is the most recent low what's this low it's lower
than this one then we have a high a move up then a move down before i do that trick question or not
trick question question for you guys is this the high is this a high on the current time frame that
we're on no no no
it's not it is not a high maybe on the lower time frames it is a high actually i'm sure of
it on lower time frames it's a high but on the current time frame that we're in the four hour
time frame this is not a high why because this is a move down then a move down that does not
make a high we need a move up then a move down so where is our move up right here move down boom
this is our high we take the highest point of these two candlesticks together we don't give a
about this candlestick why because there's no move up prior to it so we have a low then a high
then a lower low then a lower high okay
we're in a downtrend now let's just see this trend continue we make a lower low move down then
a move up move up then move down lower high move down then move up move up then move down lower
low lower high move down then move up move up then move down lower low or high okay we are in a
downtrend coming up to this point right here now something that can happen within trends is that
a higher low and a lower high you're like wait a second what fucking what fucking trend has a lower
high lower high but also a higher low lower high but also a higher low still a downtrend why because
the most recent high has not been closed above yet that's how we identify a break of structure
and that's what we're going to be leading into right now so even though we make a higher low
right here that doesn't change the current downtrend structure that we're in okay that
does not change the current downtrend structure that we are in okay it doesn't change anything
because when we're in a downtrend what are we doing we are only monitoring the highs and more
specifically the most recent high within the downtrend so if we make a higher low we don't
really care about it too much why because if the downtrend is to break structure to the upside
we
only need to be monitoring the highs because we very well just like we see right here can make
a higher low and then the downtrend can continue to end up making a lower low from that low and
that's what i was saying where some people they get super confused and they get really caught up
and they they are unable to identify these things within a downtrend we are looking at the most
recent high that has been created and we are looking for a candlestick to close above it
that is the only way that we are going to be able to break structure okay and within an uptrend we
are looking at the most recent low that has been created and we are looking for a candlestick
closure underneath it that is the only way that we can change the trend so within this trend we have
this is the most recent high okay whatever we come down and we take out a low we don't care about the
lows when we're in a downtrend we care about the highs so this is our most recent high it's a move
up then a move down the highest point of those two candles and then what do we get this candlestick
closes above this is the most recent high and we are looking for a candlestick to close above it
this high right here in turn changing the trend to the upside and then boom price moves up awesome
now let's continue this analysis moving forward in price so now that we're in an uptrend what are
we doing we are monitoring the lows okay so we break structure on this candlestick right here
now we're in an uptrend so what do we want to do we want to be monitoring the lows move down then
move up lowest point of those two candles boom this is our low we come up we obviously make a
much higher high than this right here move up then move down this is our high then we want to make
another low we make a higher low move down then move up awesome this is our low then what happens
we get a break of structure within an uptrend we are monitoring the most recent lows that have been
created and we are looking for a candlestick closure underneath them boom this candle closes
underneath it awesome we have now changed the trend and we are now in a downtrend so now within
the this downtrend if we are looking for a break of structure back to the upside what do we need
to be monitoring the highs cool we move up and we make a move down now this is the
high that we're monitoring we move up then we make a move down now this is the high that we're
monitoring when do we break structure back to the upside was it on this candlestick right here this
one is this a break of structure well price pushed above here for a quick second right
no it's not a break of structure this is a candlestick wick we need a full candlestick body
close above a high or underneath a low depending on what trend we're in in order for price to break
on this candlestick right here do we break structure no on this candlestick right here do
we break structure yes we break structure and then boom we're back into an up into an uptrend
now obviously this confluence I'm not saying that it is useless it's one of the most beneficial
confluences that we can use however if you just try and use it on your on its own by pressing buy
when we break structure to the upside or pressing sell when we break structure to the downside you
are going to lose all of your money this needs to be
in combination with a bunch of other confluences in order to take a highly probable trade to
predict where price action wants to go and I have a super in-depth guide that is like five and a
half hours long that goes through every single one of these confluences and then how to put it
together in a strategy and I'll leave that link in the description below for you guys to go over all
those confluences to be able to put them all together to be able to actually take a trade
using break of structure
but breaking structure on its own is not enough to take a trade however it is one of the most
important confluences when we are looking to take a trade does that make sense we can't be using
break of structure on its own to take trades because if it was that easy then this simple
confluence would make every single person the richest person in the world and it's not that
simple day trading is very difficult but I have supplied you guys with a whole bunch of confluences
such as this one to be able to take highly probable trades within the market in that five
days so check that one out if you guys haven't already now we know how to identify uptrends and
downtrends let's run through a couple more examples here okay let's look at this for example right
here look at these massive wicks here okay this is this is part of the stuff that I'm talking
about where people can get confused and I know that this can be confusing when you see a candlestick
with wicks all the way up here and then wicks all the way down here this was a high impact news
candle but it's a great example for something that we're looking for okay when it comes to identifying
start right here on this candlestick so what's the current trend that we're in well I'll let's say
we're on this candlestick all I do is I look to the left and I look at what previous candles price
action was well I see a high right here in this high was closed above by this candle and then I
see a low right here and if we're just waiting on this candle and say that we don't see anything
prior to this this is an uptrend why because I'm just looking at the most recent highs in the most
recent lows within the market and the most recent high was closed above in the most
recent low hasn't been closed underneath that's the easiest way to be able to identify a trend
you look at the most recent high and you look at the most recent low and you see if the most recent
high has been closed above and you look at the most recent low and you see if the most recent
low has been closed underneath in this case we are in an uptrend higher high higher low cool we are
in an uptrend awesome this is our low that we're going to be monitoring I'll go ahead and get rid
of this boom we close underneath this low now we are in a downtrend but then just like that we want
to minimize why because we could very well break out of this downtrend back to the upside from
there as as you can see this is why we don't want to be entering and pressing sell right when we get
a break structure to the downside because there's other confluences that are necessary in order to
understand where price wants to go but we're in a downtrend on this candle now we're monitoring the
highs to look for a break of structure back to the upside awesome we get a candle closure to the
upside right here now we're in an uptrend okay now we're monitoring the lows to see a potential
break of structure to the downside okay so this is the most recent low move down then a move up we
identified the current trend we're in an uptrend why because this high was close above we don't
care about the highs because we're in an uptrend right now and in order for the uptrend to break
we need a low to get closed underneath so move down then move up boom lowest point of those two
candles this is the low that we're targeting okay we get a move down then a move up awesome now
this is the most recent low we're still going up move down then move up awesome now this is the
most recent low move down then a move up do we get a candlestick close
closure underneath this line here underneath the most recent low we have one wick two wick three
wicks underneath this candlestick low right here but do we get a candlestick closure no so this
uptrend remains intact this is not a break of structure and what are we doing we're still
monitoring the lows we're looking for new lows to get formed to potentially get broken so move down
then a move up that's a low we take the lowest point of those two candles this is the new low
if we zoom in we can see that this is a blue candle now this okay again same thing here this
is the low that we're monitoring we see a candlestick wick underneath here is this a break
of structure no we see candlestick wick underneath here is that a break of structure no and then what
do we do we end up forming a new low move down then a move up now this is the most recent low
within this uptrend this uptrend is still maintained and this is where a lot of people
can get confused is they keep flipping their buys they're like oh we broke structure to the downside
and then oh we broke structure to the upside these are candlestick wicks not candlestick closures so
that was formed on this break of structure right here and as we can see price is continuing that
Trend higher and higher from there we have a move down then a move up awesome now this is the low
that we're monitoring do we break this move down then a move up awesome now this is the low that
we're monitoring move down then a move up now this is the load that we're monitoring and then
boom we finally get a break of structure to the downside right here again this is breaking
structure on its own is not going to help us indicate where and when to press sell or where
and when to press buy but
to understand how these trends how this confluence is used coinciding with all the other confluence
confluences that i've given you guys across my youtube channel so this is a super super super
powerful confluence that in combination with a liquidity sweep in combination with a fair value
gap in combination with breaker blocks equilibrium it can help you guys understand where price action
wants to go with a high probability on a daily basis and that pretty much wraps up how you guys
can spot a break of structure what a break of structure is and how you guys can go into the
real markets and identify it on the chart and again if you guys want to be able to put all of
these things together go check out that five and a half hour hour long video i love and
appreciate you guys subscribe if you haven't already peace out


==============================
VIDEO 064 — This 1 Hour Day Trading Strategy Works Every Day ($1,000⧸day)-iCU1EJMrEZ0
==============================

what if i told you that in order for you to become a profitable trader all you would need
to spend in front of the markets is roughly one hour every single day i'm talking five hours a
week which is less than what an average normal day person spends a whole entire day at their
full-time job and you're probably wondering how is this strategy capable of doing that and much more
and is it even true well the truth is that it is literally written in stone in order for you to
follow and execute this strategy with no failure on your end it is extremely unlikely that the
strategy fails you but you could fail the strategy now you're probably wondering how
is this even possible for you to fail the strategy well it's very simple because the
whole entire strategy is consisted of a checklist a literal checklist that you need to check off
every single thing before you take a trade over the last six years i've gathered pretty much
every single move in the market and i have put them all on a document minimizing the risk i
would have to take in order for me to become a profitable trader and i have put them all on a
checklist as much as i possibly can when executing every single trade by doing a series of
confluences so when you go execute a trade you know exactly what confidence you're going to be taking
and what is the percentage behind that confidence so instead of me failing the markets by reading
something that i shouldn't i'm literally following a system that has statistics behind it so whenever
i lose a trade it's because it simply did not play out according to the statistics rather than
me just executing a trade because i assume what the market's gonna do and i ended up building
the perfect checklist which literally tells you what to do before entering a trade because you
won't even have to think when entering a trade all you literally have to do is just follow the step
by step plan now this is all great because your win rate will go up roughly around 65 to 70 percent
but very very very very big but is that it is a double-edged sword meaning you will win more times
but your risk to reward will be minimized you'll probably have a one-to-one one-to-one
to 1.5 now just because you're winning more times doesn't mean you're gonna win more money
the perfect analogy that i can put to this is let's say you're a fisherman and you're gonna
go out there to fish every single day for about an hour and you can only go so far into the deep
ocean where if you only have an hour to spend every single day and you're just able to catch
small fish every single day now you're catching more fish but you're catching smaller fish rather
somebody that has all day to go out there and fish they can go out deeper into the ocean where
they can fish they might not catch a fish every single day but when they do catch one they're
going to catch a very very large fish which one big fish can engulf the amount of food or the
amount of meat that comes out of it compared to a bunch of little fish that you would catch every
single day fishing for one hour so just because you're trading more doesn't mean you're going to
make more just want to make that very clear and you're probably wondering why am i going to teach
you something that is not going to make you large sums of money well because i would much rather you
get involved into trading
giving it an hour every single day so you get involved you start getting experience you learn
from your losses you control your emotions you learn and develop as a trader so then you can
dive deeper and learn how to actually scale and continue to grow this is a way of you getting
your feet wet with the market with a strategy that will be effective and will work and you're
not trading blindly in the markets and simply wasting your time and potentially getting
frustrated and even quitting trading i was there a couple of years ago and
i was like i don't know if i would have had a strategy like this it would have made me scale my
trading a lot faster and having a much more deep understanding of why i'm entering a trade rather
than just almost being a gut feeling and the goal here is not to make a ton of money in a
single hour or a single day the goal here is to become profitable and at the end of the month
have a positive p l whether that be two three four five six percent you're profitable you're ahead of
99 of the industry and by simply being positive two three four percent you're able to execute
that on larger sums of money and then you can simply scale your trading and you're going to be
making a living off of trading so with that being said let's get right into it with the first
confluence that this trade checklist needs to be checked off so this is my trading confluence
checklist if you notice there's a lot of things that i have hidden and i have removed simply
because it's so much context to be giving right now that's for more of my advanced strategy
where i actually dive deeper into trading that's for more of taking one or two trades a week
this is about taking a trade one hour every single day and my same confluence is going
to be using the lower time frames and that's going to be that's exactly what i'm going to
be teaching you guys right now so the first confluence is going to be the trend and we're
going to be looking for the trend on the four hour and on the two hour so we have the trend
on the four hour and we have the trend on the one hour this is going to be a five percent towards
our grade if we simply don't have it then that will be minimized to then zero so we want to make sure
when we're analyzing the markets that we have these time frames together in order for us to
have a much stronger trade already considering the fact that we're looking for a trade every
single day and the very very very key thing is going to be when and the only times you're going
to implement this trading checklist and these confluences are going to be pre-london session
or pre-new york session you always want to consider entering the market and looking to
execute a trade in these two sessions before it's during it and that is it never after
york session because it simply will not have any volume so you can take the trade pre-london during
london pre-new york during new york 9 a.m is the latest time and the answer and probably why the
answer is because since we're aiming for these smaller time frame trades we want to make sure
that the session has enough volume to take our trade to take profit so for example perfect
example of something we can be looking for would be something like this this would be a trade that
here on the four hour time frame very clearly
this is going to the downside here we have lower high lower low lower high lower low lower high
lower low lower high so this trade is very clearly heading to the downside so we'll come over here to
our trade checklist and we'll count that as then bearish so that will be five percent towards our
grade then we're gonna go to the one hour and on the one hour we're gonna do the exact same thing
so we're gonna be looking at the one hour at this point right here which is where i would have
entered this trade when we head over here to the one hour we can barely clearly tell that
the one hour is also bearish lower high lower low lower high lower low and this time frame is then
bearish cool so now we have two time frames in sync giving us a total of ten percent at this
moment all right i just remove all this for now just so we can kind of go through it right next
after we understand the trend of the market we're then going to go to the area of interest now the
area of interest is extremely key when taking the trade with this type of strategy because you need
to be at the area of interest and i know sometimes we wait for trades to get to the area of interest
which could take a couple of hours and can even take a couple of days with this strategy is going
to be literally at the area of interest once we're there we're good to then enter the trade
this is a perfect example how we would spot an area of interest on the one hour or the four hour
an area of interest we want to make sure that has a minimum of three touches above or below
and this is going to give you the minimum amount of confluences that you would need in order to
execute this trade and on this example right here you can tell that we have a very very very clean
level of support we have one tap two taps three taps four taps so when i see this market break
under and that is then going to retest this area that is a solid confirmation so then i would go to
my trade checklist and then i would add that it is at a area of interest as a five percent now if
you were to be using the daily time frame or the weekly time frame which is a specific way on how
to use that and i use that for my personal strategy when i take my bigger trades
that confluence and that percentage would obviously go up but since we're using the
lower time frames obviously the percentage would be going down since it's not as respected as the
higher time frames so the area of interest is extremely key that we are at it if we are not
at the area of interest we cannot take the trade we have to wait for the market to get to that area
and this is why i analyze 10 to 15 different markets every single sunday with my students
because i want to make sure that i can define if a trade is at an area of interest or if it's on its
to the area of interest sometimes it could take an hour sometimes it could take a couple days
this one right here for example took about four hours to make it back into the area of interest
which is a perfect trade setup for this example right here so then we would go down to the one
hour and we would confirm that on the one hour this is as well as a solid area of interest
here on the one hour we have one two three four five six seven eight nine so this is
another confirmation that we also have this area that is respected on the one hour time frame you'll
be surprised how many times you'll have a solid area of interest on the four hour but then on the
one hour it's nowhere near as respected or you have a solid area of interest on the weekly but
then on the daily it's non-existent the market just breaks through it all the time there's a
lot of wicks on the weekly which is all that structure on the daily same exact thing applies
on these lower time frames so the area of interest is extremely key because then this is
going to lead you to the next point if we are not at an area of interest we cannot take the trade
and the next confluence is then going to be a candlestick rejection from this area of interest
the candlestick rejection is the confirmation that we are rejecting the area of interest if we're at
the area of interest and we're not showing any signs of a rejection why would we want to take
the trade that simply makes no sense this is extremely high risk and already trading on the
lower time frames is high risk as it is so we want to make sure that once we are at this area of
interest we're actually rejecting it and that we're having the area of interest and the candlesticks
be the exact same time frame because if we have a four hour area of interest but the 30 minute
is rejecting but then you go to the four hour and the four hour still has a bullish candle
there's no real confirmation there if you notice here the four hour is indeed bearish we're indeed
at this four hour area of interest and then the four hour time frame has a double doji rejection
from this area making this a confirmation from this area so that would be one of the
consequences that i would add to my checklist here which is going to give it a total of a 10
because it is literally letting us know that it is rejecting this area without any confirmation of a
rejection i am not interested in entering the trade i want the market to show me their hand
first i don't want to take a trade off of speculation that it's going to potentially reject
no i want the market to reject once the market rejects then that is the perfect indication that
not only is my analysis correct
but my confidences indeed are perfectly lining up together and this trade is not going to have a move
you want to make sure that you can put as many things together when you're going to go enter a
trade so you have a reason to take a risk behind it and the best analogy that i can use for this
is let's say every single time you're going to go take a trade you're going to go present it to your
cousin to your grandpa to your grandma that know absolutely nothing of trading and if after you show
up and they're like oh we're gonna trade we're gonna trade we're gonna trade we're gonna trade
we're gonna trade we're gonna trade we're gonna trade we're gonna trade we're going to trade
and if they have a series of confluence and you explain to them and they're like
hmm you know what that makes sense here's 100 bucks put it there if they cannot believe in you
and your explanation does not make sense to them don't take the trade the trade makes no sense
this right here just by me breaking down these first three confluences i'm sure you're already
like hmm that trade does look clean that is the vibe that you want to get when you're going to go
So we have a confirmation that we are rejecting from the 4-hour and the area of interest because
we're at the area of interest. Now let's go down to the 1-hour and let's see if the 1-hour is doing
the exact same thing. Now here on the 1-hour you can very clearly see that when this area broke
this area for the first time it had a very strong rejection from this area giving it a very strong
bearish engulfing candlestick from this area. Then price made it back into this area of interest and
you can see that the 1-hour is having dojis, a bearish engulfing here, a bearish engulfing here.
So on the 1-hour time frame there is additional rejections from this area which this is again
an added confluence because you can have an area break on the 4-hour and the 4-hour could have
massive massive massive rejections but then the 1-hour the structure is bullish and it's heading
to the upside doesn't make sense. This right here is a perfect example of it being bearish
and additionally rejecting from this area. This is what I call a Picasso
rejection.
Perfect trade. So this is where we would add then as well as a 10% because we're having another
confirmation from a different time frame that we are also rejecting this area in confluence with
the last time frame which is perfect because this is leading for us to then go to our next spot
which is then going to be the entry signal and that without an entry signal I am not taking a
trade. This is going to be a key fundamental confluence in order for the trade to have the
proper entry signal and the proper trade. So this is where we would add then as well as a 10%
the proper stop loss and proper take profit. Now there's multiple steps to my entry signal.
This one right here in specific is a bit complex to explain on this type of strategy and I'm sure
I do this in other videos but this is a very simple entry signal which I like to use regardless
of the type of trade that you're taking and it's going to be a bearish engulfing candlestick or
a doji rejection and that can consist of a candlestick like this one right here. You have an
entry signal on either the one hour time frame or the 30 minute time frame. This is going to be very
key to making sure that you have a sniper entry so your risk to reward makes sense. So in the
event of the one hour time frame I would use this 30 this one hour bearish engulfing candlestick
right there. In the event of the 30 minute time frame we would be using a very very very
clean engulfing from this area right around here. So I would use this engulfing from right here
or I would use this engulfing from right here. This is going to be a perfect entry signal from
this spot right here and then our stop loss we want to make sure that we can give it anywhere
from 10 to 15 pips from the previous high. So if you notice the 30 minute time frame is bearish
up into this area of interest. This is the lower high. This is the lower low. This is creating
bearish rejection in here. So this is the high of this area of interest. So if you notice the
this retracement which is a perfect confluence. So we would want to give it anywhere from 10 to 15
pips. So this is 20 pips right here. We want to make it roughly around 30 and that is a beautiful
breathing room for this trade so you can have the confluence of continue to hold it forever
long. It is because if this market for whatever reason decides to then break above this high if
it breaks above this high it's very likely that it'll come back into this area retest it and then
head to the upside. The reason why I give it 10 to 15 pips is because I want to make sure that
it's a breathing room is to avoid liquidity grabs and fake outs. I know we've all experienced this
in the market when the market decides to do something like that. For no reason it'll have
a wick and then it'll take you out. Usually these liquidity grabs these wick outs tend to just
break above these highs take out the highs and then continue to have the push. So the way I have
perfected or tried my best to perfect to avoid this is by simply having a
drop loss that has anywhere from 10 to 15 pips above the high because it's very unlikely to say
where we are right now for it to go anywhere above 10 to 15 pips from the high. Is there times where
it does it perfectly? Yes, it's inevitable. There's nothing you can do about it. It's part
of the process. It's part of the game. It's I like to call it the fee of trading. The market's
going to if you're going to have the opportunity to capitalize off of it, you have to have the
other side where you're going to potentially lose it. It's normal and it's literally unavoidable.
But giving it 10 to 15 pips,
from the high is very key because then you have that breathing room. A lot of traders they like
to keep it very tight because I get it. You can have a great risk to reward. We're very, very,
very prone to this. And many traders tend to lose trades not because they're wrong, but just because
their stop loss placement is way too tight. So I would have it right around here, around 30 pips
roughly. And then my take profit would be set at a minimum of a one to 1.5 max one to two with these
whole entire one to two. Now, the reason why these trades would be at a one to 1.5 max at a one
to two and not my typical one to three, one to four is simply because you're trading the session.
You don't anticipate for the movement that you're going to be taking with the session for it to
continue going throughout the next session without having a retracement. So this retracement, let's
say it would have gone into New York session. It could have easily come back, created another
move, and then here potentially you would have gotten taken out with the liquidity grab. It is
very key that you aim to exit your trade at the end of New York session if you entered in London.
And if you're a decently into profit and you can see that there can be continuation with the daily
momentum, then maybe continue to hold. But I would just minimize your risk by going to break even. I
would not hold throughout the daily candlestick closure because of spread and because you can
be taken out to your stop loss because we're trading very small.
Small trades. If you're not in enough profits, I would simply just close the trade out. Even if
you're in a little bit of drawdown or even a little bit of profit, I would just get out.
This is a very quick and aggressive type of trading because you're trading with just a
session and the volume. So having all of these confluences added up with this trade would give
us a total of a 50%. Now that's not a great type of grade. To be honest, I would give this anywhere
from a D set up max because the type of trades that I like to take are anywhere
from 80, 90 to 100%. It doesn't mean it's going to have 100% win rate. It just means I have 100%
of confluences of things that I can combine together that make the trade have a very high
probability of going in one direction versus the other. Now I've had trades that have 150% and
they still end up losing. You're going to always be prone to exposure in the markets. You're never
going to have 100% win rate. But what this confluence sheet does, it lets you know exactly
what you're looking at, what timeframe you should be looking at, and what time frame you should be
looking at, and what type of trade you're looking at, and what type of grade. Sometimes when you're
going to go enter a trade, it simply doesn't have this, it won't have this, and it won't have this.
And you're like, wow, this trade literally only has 30% towards your direction. Does it even make
sense to risk 2% of my funded account here when I'm a little bit into drawdown or I've made some
nice profit? Does it make sense? Probably not. Or if you're flipping an account and you're on a nice
winning streak and you want to enter another trade hop, does it make sense to risk all the
money you just made on a trade that doesn't really make sense? Probably not. So you're
going to wait and build up this confluence for the next best trade. And now the very key and
important thing when it comes to executing this confluence sheet is going to be that you look at
the right markets. You want to make sure that you have at least the four hour and the one hour in
your direction and that you're at an area of interest. If you have these two things in your
favor, you are already ahead of the game because you have the trend in your direction and you're
at a solid area where the market has a probability of rejecting there compared
to not. Now, all you have to do is wait for that entry signal at the right session, meaning pre
London during London, pre New York, or maybe at New York session. So you can then enter the trade
and have a quick one to one, one to 1.5. This is all going to be what you spend simply spending
one hour a day in front of the markets. And this is cool because you get to get your feet wet.
You get to get understanding of how to actually execute a strategy that has statistic behind it,
and you have confluences in your favor, but where things really
powerful is when you use my actual confluence sheets, which I can share with you guys.
If you guys just simply fill out the type form down below, I'll leave a link in the description
where it is this whole entire checklist combined and unlocking different confluences that I
personally look at when executing the market, because these other confluences that have here
not applicable at this very moment, they're far more powerful than you can imagine because it's
not only adding these extra confluences,
but you're also doing it in combination with different time frames when they are intertwined,
it makes a trade have a much more predictable prediction of where it can potentially go.
So for example, if we were to just simply add the weekly time from here and then the
daily time from here without even unlocking these other different confluences that I use,
this trade could have easily gone from a 30% to an 80%, even a 90% giving you more of a reason
to enter this trade. So if you guys want to get access to my
actual confluence sheet, I'll leave a link in the description below so you guys fill it out.
Once you guys fill out that form, I'll then share it with you guys. You guys will talk to my team and
we'll break it down exactly how this can work and you guys can get access to my strategy. And if
you're new to my channel, make sure you watch some of my other videos because there I break down my
strategy as well when it comes to using the higher time frames and not to be a bit more patient and
have a much greater risk reward. Hope you guys enjoyed this video. See you guys in the next one.


==============================
VIDEO 065 — This 3 Step A+ Strategy Works Everyday (Stupid Simple And Proven)-ed66iN6hNFE
==============================

This stupid simple three-step strategy works every day and it consistently gives me wins like this,
this, and this and I'm about to show you exactly how. Now I've been trading for nine years and in
that time I've tested hundreds of complicated strategies and this one is hands down the best
and most simplest which is why I named it my A plus strategy and in this video I'm going to
teach you the full strategy and then we'll do a one month back test to prove that it works.
The goal of this strategy is to make consistent profits in less than 90 minutes per day and in
order to do so we're going to start our days by getting to our desks right at 9 45 a.m eastern
standard time. Before we get started I want to be clear that this strategy works in any market
whether it's futures, stocks, crypto, or forex and you follow the same three simple steps every
single day but in order to trade this consistently you need to understand how to trade choppy days
properly that way you can avoid the loss of money.
Let's hop right into step number one which is marking our range for the day. Now in order to
do this you want to start on your 15 minute chart. In order to get here you're going to go to trading
view and click this 15 minute button. This means that each candle you see represents 15 minutes of
trading time. Next we're going to wait for the first 15 minute candle to close. This is the
candle that happens at 9 30 and closes at 9 45. As you can see here down below the date and the
time. Next we need to mark our range for the day. Now in order to do this you want to start on
your 15 minute chart. In order to do this you can go over here on trading view to the left click this
button and then you can select the trend line tool and we can use this to mark out the high and the
low of this first 15 minute candle and now you've got your trading range for the day but understanding
the range is useless if you don't know which direction we're going to take trades in which
brings us right to step number two. For step number two we're going to change to the five
minute chart. You can do this by clicking on the red button on your trading view and then you can
do this by going on trading view and selecting this five minute button right here and this view
brings it so that every candle you see represents five minutes worth of trading time. Next we're
going to wait for a break but when we're talking about a break we need a very specific pattern to
form as the break occurs. This way we can help filter out the losing trades and this is huge
for keeping a high win rate as you'll see later on in the video when we do the back test. You'll
see pretty quickly that we get a nice big move outside the range. So we're going to go ahead and
take a look at the range and a lot of people will try to classify a break as just a candle closure
or maybe even a big candle but we're looking for something much different. Now I want you to notice
how there is a gap between this candle's high right here and then this candle's low. This is
what we call a fair value gap or we're going to be looking for a long trade and since buyers are
in control we're going to be looking to buy the market or getting a long trade. Now that we've got
a fair value gap we've confirmed our market direction but understanding the direction
without having a clear way to find our trade entry set our stop loss and our target won't make as much
money which brings us right into step number three and this is stupid simple. We're just
going to set a limit order on the FVG. Now in order to do this you can go over here on the left
hand side and since we are bullish on the market and wanting to buy we're going to click long
position. After you click this you can just place this tool with your entry which is the
middle line right on the fair value gap and then you can right click this tool and click create
limit order and what this limit order does is that it tells the broker this is the highest limit you
would be willing to buy from. So if the market dips back down under that level it's going to
enter you into the market without you having to manually execute and in order for our stop loss
or where we're going to cut our losses if we're wrong we want to place it right at the base of
fair value gap candle one. So not the gap that we're looking for but the gap that we're looking
for is the gap candle itself but the first candle of the three candle pattern. Now for our target
we are just going to drag out our position size tool until it says two to one risk to reward.
This means that on our winning trades we will make twice as much profit as we would lose on
our losing trades. Now as you can see the market came back down and traded into our fair value gap
so it entered us into the trade and on this trade we're risking $288 to make a potential
$583. Now at this time your work is done and you literally just sit back and let the market do the
heavy lifting for you. Now a lot of people have an issue of trying to micromanage their trades but
you have to stay consistent and just trust in the strategy. And in case you're wondering yes this
strategy is that stupid simple but if you don't know how to trade the choppy days then you will
end up giving all of your profits back. And there are two types of choppy days that you need to
learn how to navigate in order to start trading. The first type of choppy days is when you're
trading on the first day of the trading cycle and you have to try to get all of your profits back
and then you have to try to get all of your profits back. And if you do that then your
profits will get higher and higher. So let's go ahead and jump right into this one.
I'll leave a link down in the description where you can join totally free. There's a free course,
tons of PDFs, and a bunch of other value that's going to help you become a successful trader.
Again that link's down in the description if you want to join for free. Let's hop right into the
first of the two different types of choppy days which I like to call a mix up and this is where
a lot of traders go wrong using this strategy. As you can see we've got this first 15 minute
candles high on the market. And we're going to go ahead and jump right into the first one.
low marked so we're good to go to the five minute chart now after we get to the five minute chart
is where a lot of you guys start making mistakes that cause you to blow your account and overall
be an unsuccessful trader now in order to avoid those mistakes what you have to do is you just
keep things simple okay notice how in this day we're trading into both sides of the range we're
hitting wicks which aren't confirmations yes we got a candle closure here but look there's no
fair value gap so there is no trade now a lot of you guys sit here during these times and maybe you
start over trading maybe you go on tilt meaning you start taking bad decisions based on emotions
but this is going to solve that for good because these days are inevitable as traders not every
single day is going to be picture perfect some days you're going to have a lot of fake outs as
you can see here but that's the beauty of this strategy and having the fair value gap filter
that we do because even with a big candle like this a lot of you guys say oh my god i'm just
going to go ahead and get in now
you
i'll get a better entry right it's going to form a fair value gap anyways but you can't
think like that because as you can see the market can quickly turn around and what do you do during
these times a lot of traders are paralyzed a lot of traders this is where they start to lose
confidence and this is normal like when you're learning that's going to happen but that's why
you need a stupid simple process to help you avoid that so now as you can see we finally after a lot
of mix-up which is why i like to call these days mix-ups where you're hitting both sides of the
range chopping around
finally we did get that fair value gap so at this time we're good to enter the market now as long as
this happens before 12 pm as you can see this is 11 30 am so as long as this fair value gap forms
before 12 p.m you're good to still enter the trade now since this did go through the first
candle low you want to be selling the market so we're going to go over here to the left you're
going to click the short position tool place it right on that fair value gap stop loss on fair
value gap candle number one not that good so we're going to go over to the left and we're going to
gap candle remember it's the first candle that forms in a fair value gap and then our target
we're going to fix at two to one risk to reward we're gonna create our limit order and as you
can see we're entered into the trade with eight hundred dollars at risk to make sixteen hundred
dollars and at this time everything else is the same even though it's a mix-up day you still just
let the strategy do the lifting for you and as you can see the target was hit rather quickly now how
many of you guys have gotten chopped up on those mix-up days if that's you i want you to drop a
comment down below and make a promise that you're gonna stay consistent with this strategy to help
avoid losing those trades now let's hop right into choppy day number two which is what i call the
steady day and this one is a little bit of a hidden killer because traders don't even realize
that it's happening so as you can see here we've got our first candle on october 24th marked out
on the 15-minute chart then we want to go to the five-minute chart and after this it's business as
usual yes this strategy is simple and boring but one thing i want to make sure you know is that
i've learned about trading is that once your trading becomes boring is when you become
successful so we want to wait for the market to trade outside of our range like usual but as you
can see we don't get a fair value gap you get a closure a lot of people start to rush into the
market as soon as you get a closure but we can't do that for this strategy there's no fair value
gap no trade as you can see the market kind of meanders around a little bit and this is where
a lot of you guys get fomo and start blowing your accounts because you're rushing into the market
making emotional decisions but not anymore after
today's video because now you have a mechanical and simple process as you can see the market kind
of is just moving steady we're not mixing up we're not hitting the high and going down to the low
it's just a slow grind it's not something you want to be a part of yet
but then we can see that the market starts to dip back into the range
pops out and then we finally form our fair value gap so at this time you're good to enter a
long position since this is a high we're pushing a fair value gap out of the range we're going to
put our stop loss at that candle number one and just like usual we have a fixed two to one risk
to reward now for this trade we have 385 dollars at risk to make 770 dollars and same as usual we
sit back and let the market do the heavy lifting for us even though you've seen these three recent
examples of this strategy working you're probably wondering how could something this stupid simple
actually work so let's put it to the test and look at the data we gathered over historical
trading of the strategy that way you have the confidence you need to execute it consistently over
this strategy netted 15 455 dollars over 16 trades with a win rate of 81 percent it also
had a max drawdown of only 1635 dollars which makes it perfect for prop firms if you want a
discount on your apex funded challenge i will leave a discount code down in the description
along with the link you can use so congratulations you now have a stupid simple strategy that is
proven to work but chances are you've had these kinds of opportunities before but you're still not
going to be able to do it and i know this because i was in the exact same boat and it took me
years to finally become a successful trader here is me liquidating my accounts in 2021
and at this point i have been trading for five years already but it shouldn't have taken me that
long and the reason that it did is because i was overwhelmed with complicated strategies
i had no idea where to start so i kept blowing accounts for a long time until i realized that
trading when it's done right is stupid simple which is why now i mentor traders to help them
and i'm not saying i run a trading discord because i don't in my direct mentorship you're actually
sitting down live trading with your mentor five days per week every single trade that you take
is reviewed through our trade journaling software you get access to the rest of the software that
helps you with risk management and a ton of other cool stuff and you learn everything that i know
from my nine years as a trader and get direct access to me that way i can help you with whatever
specific situations you have and i'm so confident in this strategy that i'm going to be able to do it
in the future
system that if you do everything i tell you and still don't get funded in 12 weeks i will
personally sit and trade with you until you do now due to this being a direct mentorship i cannot
work with everyone and we only work with a limited amount of traders each enrollment if the link in
the top of the description that says mentorship still works then slots are available but if not
this enrollment is closed now regardless if we work together or not i'm rooting for you guys to
win and if you're new to the channel make sure to subscribe and i'll put a playlist on your screen
in order to win at trading and to be clear guys you don't need the mentorship it's just a fast
track to help you avoid my mistakes you can do it all on your own if you want to just accept that
it's going to take you years because trading is very difficult and a lot of people never become
successful because they don't have the systems that they need whatever you do just make sure to
stay consistent stay disciplined and make sure to fall in love with the process because trading can
change your life just like it did mine thanks for watching guys and i'll see you in the next video


==============================
VIDEO 066 — This Simple Strategy Made Me My First $100k-CPPREA-6ubY
==============================

Most day traders overcomplicate the game of trading, whether they have a whole bunch of
indicators on their chart that's telling them, hey, price is going to go up, but also price
may or may not go down. Or they know when they understand 10 different strategies or 30 different
confluences that tell them price is going to go up or no, price is going to go sideways or no,
price is going to go down or no, you probably shouldn't be trading for the next week. And this
is why the majority of traders stay broke and stay unprofitable within the markets because it's
just information overload. What I want to show you guys today is the first ever strategy that
helped me turn profitable and helped me make my first $100,000 within the market. It's super
simple, super easy to understand, and I'm not going to go through any fluff, any BS. We're
going to get straight into the charts. So with that being said, let's jump into it.
The first thing that I want you guys to understand before we jump into like confluences and oh my
goodness, new day trading strategy. I can't wait to turn profitable. Okay. Like we need to clarify
something. A lot of people think day trading is this super mega advanced,
impossible skill. Now I'm not saying it's going to be super freaking easy for you guys to learn
how to day trade and for you guys to become profitable. But what I am going to tell you
guys is you just need to master just a couple skills in order to turn profitable within trading.
And if you guys want a full breakdown of all the confluences and the strategy that I use currently
to make literally hundreds of thousands of dollars from the market every single year,
I'm going to leave a little link in the description to give you guys free access to
you guys to go over every single confluence that I talk about within this video and also get the
current strategy that I'm using today, because it's a little bit different than this current
strategy that I'm using. But this is a very good starting point to get, just get your feet off the
ground. So with that being said, I want to clarify day trading is very difficult. However, it's not
impossible and you don't need to know and understand like fractals and quantum physics.
Okay. You really just have to master the basics. I love comparing day trading to basketball because
it's super similar. Okay. It's a very high leverage skill, especially at the professional level.
Okay. Professional day traders, they can make a whole bunch of money, professional basketball
players. We already know they're making a bankroll. Okay. But in order to get to the
NBA or in order to be good, like max stat and super good at really any skill, you just have
to be insanely good at the fundamentals. So if we think about basketball, like,
what do you have to be good at in order to be successful and go to the NBA? Okay. You have
to have really good basketball IQ. You have to be really good at passing the ball. You have to
be really good at dribbling the ball and you have to be really fucking good at shooting the
basketball. Okay. Those are just four freaking skills that you guys need in order to master to
be able to get to the high level. Now, again, there's a difference between 24 hour fitness
Hoopers who know how to pass, who know how to dribble, who know how to shoot, who have,
you know, subpar basketball IQ compared to the people in the NBA who are far better at those
base fundamentals. Okay. The people in the NBA, they're, they're doing the same shit,
just at a far better level. And it's the same exact thing with day trading day trading. It's
actually even easier because we've just have to be good at three skills. Okay. We have to
understand strategy, which is what I'm about to go over. We have to understand risk management.
Okay. So how much risk we're going to be putting on into the charts on daily basis. And I cover
that in the free course and then psychology, which I also cover in the free course. But today I want
to focus on the one skill of strategy and confluences. And this was able to literally
not making any money to being able to actually make money from the market. So with that being said,
let's jump into this and believe it or not before I used to trade indexes only, which is the S and
P 500, the NASDAQ. Okay. You guys know me as a futures and in a us equities trader. However,
today's strategy is actually going to be going over foreign exchange. Okay. And I'm going to
show you guys how we can actually relate this over to us equities and indexes, because I know a lot
of you guys know me. They want to learn how to trade NASDAQ. They want to learn how to trade the
S and P 500. So I'm going to show you guys, not only how we can apply this to Forex, because that's what
I was originally trading on during London session, but I'm going to show you guys how we can relate
this all the way back over to us equities as well. So make sure you guys stay to the end of
the video. So you guys can see that because this isn't just a Forex based video and the Forex
traders. I'm finally showing you guys some love. So let's jump into this. Let's go onto the pair
which is GBP JPY. So the very first thing that we're going to want to do is to highlight the
session highs and the session lows of every single session. So I actually have this little indicator
that does it for me. I know I was shit talking indicators, but I'm talking about indicators that
like tell you when to buy and when to sell. Those are bullshit. This is literally just to help me
out. And I mean, fuck it. I just have these made for me to make my life a lot easier. If you guys
access to it, if you guys like really freaking want it that super duper bad, fuck it. Yeah. I'll,
I'll, I'll put a link in the description. If you guys want these things, I kind of just keep them
for myself though. A lot of people were asking about it on stream, but this is what I called
the London session fake out. So before I even knew about liquidity sweeps and break of structure
and fair value gaps. Okay. I was training London session on GBP JPY and GBP USD. Those were like
my main payouts. So I was like, I'm going to go ahead and do this. I'm going to go ahead and do this.
And what I noticed is I would get into a trade, like right before London session would open
because I was in like California at the time. So like end of Asian session, going into London
session was like late for me. I was in high school and I was like, this is honestly like
fucking perfect time for me to trade. Even though I didn't really understand that Asian
session was a horrible time to trade at the time. So every single time I would be getting into a
freaking like long position right before London session would open. And I'm like, yeah, we're
in an uptrend coming out of Asian session. It's beautiful. I'm going to get into a long position
and I want to target these highs all the way up here because I want to one to four risk to reward
ratio. And then what I would notice literally every single London session was that London
session would open and then it would move up drastically. And then it would just go in the
opposite direction. And every single time it took it and believe it or not, I know I was dumb at
the time. I was similar, a little bit similar to you guys. You know, you're like, I'm going to go
like, why isn't it working? And then you just keep making the same mistakes over and over again.
I would keep taking these long positions every single freaking day, bro. And I would keep getting
stopped out. And I'm like, well, what the heck? The trend is my friend. I'm following the trend
and I'm placing a buy position and the high timeframe says it's going to go higher. So
what is happening? And then it got to the point where I finally realized like, okay, I keep making
the same mistake every single time. So I, and I'm sure a lot of you guys have done this before too.
If I keep getting stopped out, what if I just place a trade in the opposite direction? So then
I started placing short positions right here instead. And I would put my stop loss above like
these highs. And then I would target whatever, like these lows all the way down here for a one
to four risk reward ratio. But then again, London session would open and then it would move up and
I'm like, damn it. So my, my long positions don't hit take profit and my short positions don't hit
take profit. And then boom,
vision occurred to me one night while I was trading London session. I was like, wait a second.
The market is repeating itself every single day. And guys, this literally took me months to figure
out. This is how like little brain cells I had. And, and guess what? If I was able to figure this
shit out and I'm able to tell you guys how to do it, trust me. I believe that you guys will be
able to turn profitable because if that level of IQ was able to understand this shit, you guys
will be able to understand this as well. So I was like, wait a second, right? When London session
opens, it will, it moves up and then it goes in the opposite direction. And I'm like, whoa,
this is a London session fake out. And again, I didn't understand liquidity sweeps. I didn't
understand session highs and session lows or any of these things at the time. Okay. But that's what
I was going off of. So then instead of just pressing short and pressing long going into
London session, what I would do is I would wait for London session to open. I would wait for it
to do a fantastic move. And then yes, believe it or not, the, the low IQ that I had, I would see
like, boom, it's going up, boom, press short, whatever stop loss where literally, literally
not a thought in the world, not a single brain cell. I'm just like, oh, it went up. So guess
what? It's probably going to go down now. And guess what? I actually was hitting trades using
this. Now, do I want you guys to follow this to a T absolutely freaking not because there's a lot
of other confluences that I'm going to teach you guys in this video to make this strategy,
way better and way safer, but my win rate started increasing. Did I turn profitable off of just
pressing short, right? When London session started to go up? No, but I was seeing progress. So I was
like, okay, I'm understanding this. I jump shot. I understand it now. Okay. Lethal shooter. All
right. We know that when London session opens, it moves up. And then that probably means that
London session is going to move down for the day for the most part. Okay. That this is unprofitable
at like literally 2 00 AM at night. I understand that. So how can I make this a little bit better?
Well, I know the trend is my friend until the trend is no longer my friend. So what did I do?
I was like, okay, well, I want to take a relatively lower timeframe trade. And what
would happen to me is like, I would see a move similar to this, right? London session would open
and it would move up. And then I would, I would just press short, like right here. And then,
you know, maybe target these lows, but I'll get stopped out like this,
because obviously I wasn't waiting for any confirmation. So those were the losses that
I was taking. So then I was thinking, okay, well, what if I just wait for the five minute
to change its trend? And then I'll, that's, that was a game changer for me.
So then I was like, okay, bet we're going to wait for the London session fake out.
When London session moves up, I know the move for London session is going to move down again.
This is unprofitable. Me thinking not smart giga Chad me. I mean, but okay. This is unprofitable.
Me thinking London session moves up. And then if we just wait for a break of structure,
then the trend will no longer be our friend. And then the trend will in turn, turn into our friend
because London session fake out. And then it's going to go in our direction, giga brain. And
this was literally it bro. And I'm going to add other confluences to this so we can make this
far better. But this is literally what helped me turn profitable. What helped me pass some of my
first funded accounts. What helped me get some of my first payoffs. And then I'm going to go
into the London session fake out. And we're going to go more in depth into these confluences,
but we're just breaking down the dumb ass me first, wait for the London session fake out,
and then wait for a five minute change in trend. So let's look at this example.
This is crazy because look, this was literally today's price action. And we would have fucking
banged on this trade. This is, it's actually crazy that like, well, it's not crazy because
it works for me, but it's just super cool that we can break this down.
Such a simple manner and show that this works. Anyways, London session, fake out. We wait for
London session to break structure to the downside. And then this is when I would press short.
And I would, all I would do is I would put my stop loss above the high of the London session
fake out. And I would just go ahead and target Asian session lows one to freaking three risk to
reward ratio, bang work. Like what this happened today.
This literally happened today.
Are you like, okay, so what do we have to understand
to be able to like fully understand the strategy?
The first thing that we have to understand,
the session times.
The second thing that we have to understand
draws on liquidity.
So session highs and session lows and break of structure.
I'm just, I'm going to keep it as simple as that for today
because genuinely this strategy turns me profitable.
Now, my win rate wasn't crazy.
I was still taking losses,
but this helped me pass funded accounts
and this made me a profitable trader
by learning and understanding these concepts.
So the first thing that we need to understand,
Asian session, the time zones, okay?
And again, I have this little indicator
that is able to mark out the session highs and lows,
but I don't have something to mark out the time zone.
So Asian session starts,
first thing that you guys are going to want to do
is change.
Change your chart settings to New York time.
At least if you guys want to align it with mine,
you guys can have it on like whatever,
Bulgaria time or fucking Chinese time,
whatever you guys want, okay?
Indian time, whatever you guys need,
but just make sure it aligns with these times
that I'm telling you guys, okay?
So mine's on UTC minus four, New York.
Cool?
Sorry.
Okay, so Asian session, it opens at 1800.
When does Asian session end?
Technically, it ends at three, okay?
London session pre-market starts at two,
but we want to mark it at three.
So we know when Asian session starts, 1800,
it ends at three.
London session pre-market technically starts at two,
but starts at three,
and then it ends at eight
because London session ends at 1130.
Okay?
Okay.
Okay.
So we know when Asian session starts at 1130,
but eight is when New York pre-market starts.
So we're going to leave it like that
because at the end of the day,
we're really just focused on London session open,
at least for the foreign exchange part, okay?
We're going to get into the US part
or US equities and indexes and all that stuff.
So boom, we have our session time.
Perfect.
Super simple, super easy.
We mark out these session times.
Awesome.
Now, once we have these session times,
we're going to want to be able to mark out
the highs and the lows of every single session.
So again,
I have my handy dandy indicator
that does that shit for me,
but you guys don't need that shit by any means.
It just makes my life a trillion times easier.
So let's remove that for a second
and let's go ahead and do it ourselves.
So from 1800 to three,
we're going to mark out the high.
Where's the high?
High evasion persuasion right here.
Low evasion persuasion right here.
And then for this strategy,
we don't really need to mark out the lows.
We're going to mark out London session high
and London session low
because during the foreign exchange hours,
this is when we're going to be trading.
But what we do also want to mark out is New York.
So New York session.
When does New York session start?
Eight.
When does it end?
Working nine to five.
What a way to make a living.
Barely getting by.
This is what we're going to break you out of.
Break you out of the fucking nine to five.
Okay, nine, five, 17, honey.
Or actually it ends at 1600 because look,
you'll see the gap.
So 1800.
Look at the 1800.
And then we when we jump over to this candle
or this is actually spread hour.
So you can only see it on indexes,
but whatever.
New York is from eight to 1600.
So even though this didn't apply for this trade,
we're still going to want to mark that out as well.
So we'll go ahead and mark out Ocho.
And then we're going to want to mark out the highs
and lows of that as well.
So New York high.
New York low.
So we understand the session opens.
We understand the session closes.
We understand that we're going to want to mark the highs
and the lows of every single session.
Now, how do we understand break of structure?
Again, I explained that super in depth in the free course.
Again, link in the description if you guys want to understand that.
But I'm going to break it down for you guys as well in this video.
So market structure.
What is it?
So if you guys are little baby boys
and you guys don't understand trading at all,
market moves in higher highs and higher lows
when it's in an uptrend.
When it's in a downtrend,
it moves in lower highs and lower lows.
Cool?
Cool.
So these are the two ways the market moves.
It also can move sideways,
but we're not focused on that.
We're focused on higher highs and higher lows,
lower highs and lower lows.
So how do we break an uptrend?
How do we break the current market structure?
Well, if an uptrend gets broken,
what happens?
We no longer make higher highs and higher lows.
We end up making lower lows and lower highs
to turn into a downtrend.
If we're in a downtrend,
how do we break a downtrend?
Well, we literally break it.
We move past the most recent lower high that was made
and we make a higher high
and then we make a higher low
and then we turn into an uptrend.
So when we break it,
so when we break structure,
what are we looking for?
We're looking in an uptrend at the most recent lows
that are made within the market.
We're looking for those to get closed underneath
because what is that telling us?
That's telling us that,
hey, the uptrend is over.
We broke the uptrend structure.
When we're in a downtrend,
what are we looking for?
We're looking for the most recent lower high
to get closed above in order to say,
hey, we broke this downtrend.
We broke structure to probably continue higher.
So how can we show this on the chart?
I marked it out right here
as I was speed running this,
but let's look.
So coming into London session,
we have a high right here.
We have a low,
a higher high,
a higher low.
Now, this is a perfect example
of what a break of structure is not.
A low consists of a move down than a move up
and the lowest point of those two candlestick wicks.
A high consists of
a move up than a move down
and the highest point of those two candlestick wicks.
For us to break structure,
we have to have a candle close
underneath the low.
So let me just remove this for now.
So on this right here
for our OG London session fake out,
I probably would have lost this trade
if I was just going off of London session went up.
Okay, now I'm going to press sell.
I would have been stopped out.
Why?
Because we didn't break structure here.
Move down than a move up.
This is our low.
We do see candlestick wicks go underneath here,
but do we see this black?
Do we see this black candlestick close
underneath this low?
No, we do not.
We only see wicks go underneath the low.
And then we continue the uptrend
to make a higher high.
And then what do we do?
We make a higher low.
But on this one,
move down than a move up.
So we're going to want to mark it out.
Why?
Because again, London session fake out.
It's moving up, right?
So we're assuming that London sessions
eventually going to move down.
So with that in mind,
we're going to want to monitor the lows
because we want to see a break
in the current uptrend that London session is in.
Move down than a move up.
We mark out that low.
And then what do we see?
A black candlestick closure underneath the low.
Okay.
Once we get that,
that was my sign at the time
to just go ahead and enter.
And I put my stop loss above these highs.
And then what did I do?
This is going into more of the strategy,
but boom,
that's break of structure explained within the strategy.
So we need to understand the session times.
We need to understand where the session highs
and the lows are.
We need to understand break of structure.
Now we need to understand when
and where to actually enter
with all of these confluences.
So let's strip this thing down again
and let's remove all of these real quick.
And let's say we're going into boom,
London session open.
We are going to want to mark out Asian session high.
We're going to want to mark out Asian session low.
We're going to want to mark out New York session high.
And we're going to want to mark out New York low.
Now if Asian session has already pushed past
the New York low,
we no longer care about this level.
Why?
Because it's already been pushed past.
So we can go ahead and get rid of this.
Okay.
We would only care if New York has a low down here
or underneath Asian sessions low.
Okay.
In this down scenario.
All right.
So London session opens.
We push above this high.
The second that we are able to push above
a session high,
whether it's Asian session high
or New York session high,
I'm immediately going to the five minute timeframe
and I'm going to be monitoring these lows.
So boom, we push above Asian session highs.
I'm monitoring these lows.
Do we get a break of structure here?
No.
Now I'm monitoring these lows
because these are the new lows that got made.
Do we get a break of structure here?
No.
Okay.
We come up.
We make a new low.
Boom.
Do we get a break of structure here?
Yes.
This is when I was entering
and I was putting my stop loss above these highs.
Now for targets,
what was I doing?
I was simply just targeting
the previous session lows.
So again,
that's why I was saying
if we had New York session lows down here,
I would have wanted to target that
as a second take profit.
But in this case,
we don't have New York session lows down there
and we just have Asian session lows right here.
So what do I do?
I enter right here.
My stop loss are above these highs
and we can go ahead and target Asian session lows.
One to three risk to reward ratio,
plain and freaking simple.
Just like that.
And this is the strategy
that turned me profitable.
Now I do want to add
a couple more things in here
to enhance this strategy.
Okay.
And I also want to show you guys
how we can correlate this
to the US indexes.
Okay.
This was our first example.
And keep in mind,
this literally happened today.
I didn't have to go back
and search for
like the perfect trade set.
Like no,
this literally happened today, bro.
This isn't no bar replay bullshit.
This literally happened today, bro.
So we're going to go to the following day
and we're going to see
if the same shit happened.
Okay.
So one more time we have,
again, this is just the following day.
New York lows,
New York highs,
Asian lows,
Asian highs.
And this time,
neither New York highs
or New York lows
get hit during Asian session.
So we'll go ahead and leave both those on.
London session opens.
We push underneath Asian session lows.
We push super far down.
We almost take out
these New York session lows.
But what are we going to do
since we're pushing down?
London session fake out.
We're monitoring highs.
We get a break of structure right here.
This is looking like
another London session loss.
However,
I'm pretty sure you guys can see
what's going to happen following this.
So again,
boom,
like this,
targets Asian session high,
New York high.
We move
around 2%
in profit
which is pretty freaking good.
But unfortunately,
we end up
getting stopped out.
So boom,
now we're at what?
5.5%
gained over the past,
what is it?
Like four trading sessions.
What happens come New York session?
We're going to go ahead
and get rid of these
Asian session lows
because they got taken out.
We're going to go ahead
and put on
London session lows now
and put on
London session highs
and take off these
New York lows
because they got
taken out
in the London session.
What do we see?
New York session opens.
When do we push
underneath those lows?
Right here.
When do we get
the break of structure?
Right here.
Wraps, bro.
First target,
London session high,
bro.
1 to 4 risk to reward.
1 to 4.4 risk to reward.
Previous Asian session highs,
1 to 5.4 risk to reward.
Previous New York session highs,
1 to 5.63 risk to reward.
Every single one
of them got hit.
That puts us at
around a 10.6
or even more.
It's like an 11% gain
over the past
four trading sessions
using this freaking
simple strategy.
Actually,
I'm going to go ahead
and end the video here
because I don't want
to overcomplicate you guys
and overstimulate you guys
with US indexes
and US equities
and all of this shit.
If you guys want to know
my in-depth,
US indexes trading strategy
and all the confluences
that I use
because I don't want this video
to go too long,
watch that super long
free course,
that five and a half hour long video
that I'm going to link
in the description for you guys
so you guys can learn
all my current strategy
that uses and plays off of
session highs and session lows
and break of structure,
but I add a couple more
advanced things in there.
Then on top of that,
if you guys want to just
skip over all of the bullshit
of jumping from YouTube video
to YouTube video
and if you guys just want
to learn from me directly,
I have a mentorship
and a teaching program
where you guys can learn
literally every single confluence
that I use within the market
and be able to ask me
your personal trading questions.
So if you guys want access
to me, myself
and other profitable traders
to be able to get access
to my Discord
where you guys can
literally send in trades
just like this and be like,
hey, what did I do right?
What did I do wrong?
Because I know personally
my unprofitable self
would have benefited
very freaking heavily from that
while he was trying to figure out
the London session fake out
and I know I can't figure out
what's going on
and it literally took me months
to be able to figure out
this strategy on my own
versus if I just had
my current self here,
I literally would have been able
to fix that within a day
and turn profitable
pretty much within a freaking day
by being able to solve my problem.
So again,
with these YouTube videos,
I'm just trying to make
a general assumption
of the unprofitable trader
and I think I do
a pretty good job of that
and I think I do a good job
of showing you guys strategy
and showing you guys confluences
and going over the majority
of mistakes that
unprofitable me would make
but I don't know about
unprofitable you
and only you know
your personal trading errors
and trading mistakes
and trading questions
and I don't know
how to answer those
unless you guys can talk
to me directly
and talk to other profitable
traders directly
and that's what I want
to give you guys
through my mentorship.
So if you guys want
to sign up to that,
I'll leave another link
in the description
or if you guys just want
to learn off this free content
through my free content,
it's freaking great.
By all means,
you don't need my mentorship
to turn profitable.
It's just going to get you there
like a lot faster
just being completely honest.
By all means,
just watch the free videos.
I appreciate you guys.
I'll catch you guys
in the next one.
Peace out.


==============================
VIDEO 067 — This Trading Strategy is Boring, but Made Me My First $100,000-E3lYZsy8nYE
==============================

The main reason why you're losing money in the markets, which is about to sound crazy,
it's because you're literally entering trades at the wrong place. Plain and simple. It could
be a great trade setup that you analyzed, or it can even be a bad trade. But the truth of the
matter is that the entire setup is completely wrong if you are not taking it at the right
place. And that's why I brought David here. David, over the course of the next 30 days,
is going to be living with me until I can teach him how to understand and execute a profitable
strategy where he is going to then turn this into his new main source of income. Now, over the course
of the next 30 days, David is going to be living here. We're going to turn $1,000 into $100,000.
We're going to be documenting everything, the before, the during, the after of his whole entire
journey and how he goes through it. It's going to be his first account flip and his first time.
Yes, David is a stranger. Now, over time, we've gotten to know each other,
but about 20...
and a half weeks ago, I set an application for somebody to be part of this life-changing
opportunity. After 50,000 applicants traveling to multiple different states and identifying
different potential candidates, we're left with David. Young guy, worked two jobs, and now we're
here. This is going to be one of the many videos that I am going to be teaching David how to
execute and learn this strategy perfectly. And we're going to be documenting it and sharing it
with you guys completely for free so you can follow along and learn from his journey so you're
actually able to do it.
So, in this particular video, we're going to learn how to properly do a top-down analysis so you know
when, where, and how to enter a trade and avoid those wake-outs, avoid those unnecessary drawdowns,
and even avoid taking a loss. In order for you to take a trade and it be a profitable trade,
you don't need to predict where the market is going to be every single hour of the day,
every single day of the month, every single week of the year.
The key is you need to know when to enter and when to not enter. By being involved in the markets and
trying to predict every move, it's not going to make you any money. You have to know where to enter
and that goes directly with identifying the structure of the trend, knowing where is the high
and where is the low of the market, finding a proper area of interest which is going to be
key to executing at the correct point, and lastly, when should you actually enter this trade.
All of that we're going to break down in this video right now.
So, first things first, to do a proper top-down analysis,
you pretty much have to do exactly as it says. Do a top-down analysis. So, we're going to start off,
the weekly timeframe, work our way down all the way to the 15-minute, meaning weekly, daily,
four-hour, two-hour, one-hour, 30-minute, 15-minute. Now, every single one of these timeframes
has a completely different purpose in this top-down analysis, but the first step is to
understand is the weekly bullish or is it bearish? Is the daily bullish or the daily bearish?
Four-hour bullish, four-hour bearish, so on all the way up into the 15-minute timeframe.
Now, once you have all the different timeframes,
and then there you understand where the majority of these timeframes are headed,
the decision on where you should take a trade should be very easy.
If five of these timeframes are bullish, for example, and two of them are bearish,
does it make more sense to sell or to buy? Well, that actually depends on the type of timeframes
that are indicating to you if it's bullish or bearish. All that's going to make sense in just
a second. So, coming into the charts, first things first, you would look at this market,
and then you would immediately, as a beginner trader, identify that this market can potentially
be bullish. So, this weekly timeframe, maybe you can identify it's creating highs,
lows, higher highs, higher lows, and you would see that it's bullish.
And you would actually be wrong. This market is indeed bearish. This is a higher high, higher low,
higher high, higher low, higher high, lower low. Right now, we are potentially creating a lower high.
This market shifted the structure at this high point right here. Meaning, to start off with our
top-down analysis, the weekly timeframe is bearish. So, now that we understand that the weekly timeframe
is bearish, we go to the daily timeframe. Daily timeframe, we would assume just by looking at it
that it's bullish, just because it's creating highs and lows. But there, you would be wrong
once again. When you look at the market to identify if it's bullish or bearish, you look at
the higher highs and higher lows. The market structure. The market structure. The market
structure. These elbows. High, low, high, low. Basically, every single point in the market
where it had a shift, this market would consider that a structure point. Every single one of these
elbows is a structure point, and this market has created many of them. Now, if you answered
that it's bearish, I want you to know exactly why it's bearish. It's not bearish because of this
right here. It's bearish because this right here is the lower high, and then this point
down here is the lower low, meaning this is the lower high, this is the lower low. We haven't
body closed below it, so there's no new lower low. We haven't closed above it because there's
no higher high, so it's not bullish. So, the daily timeframe is bearish because of this structure
point here, not because of this head and shoulders pattern right here, not because of this lower high,
and because of this lower low. That would be false. It's bearish because of those high moves.
So, you get that, right? I got you.
Okay. So, the daily timeframe,
we would add it here as bearish as well. Correct. Now, we're basically going to do
the same thing on the four hour, two hour, one hour, 30 minute, 15 minute, four hour timeframe,
very clear indication how we can potentially tell that this market is currently bearish. You can as
well see how the market was creating highs, then we shifted to the downside. I personally would not
count this point right here as a structure point. This right here is not a clean structure point
to me, so I would not count this as a structure point. This would be the lower high and lower low.
Many would get confused, count this as a lower low, lower high, and then a lower low. For me,
one candlestick of a retracement is not enough for it to be considered an elbow. I would need
for it to be something a bit more. If you notice, candlestick retracement like this with two or more
candlesticks are a bit more stronger and cleaner and more respected. So, this four hour timeframe
it is bearish. Now, we go down to the two hour timeframe. Two hour timeframe,
we are struck with a bit of a different type of market structure. We have a very clean lower low,
lower high, lower low. We shift bullish, higher high, and higher low. So, as of right now,
the two hour timeframe is bullish. We body candlestick above this structure point,
then this right here becomes the higher high, and then this becomes the higher low. We're yet to
break above or under that, so we're still bullish. So, you get that, right? So, this is the first
timeframe that is bullish, correct? And it breaks out of the pattern that we were currently in,
which is fine. Right now, we're just understanding where the market is.
The one hour timeframe, very similar situation. This would be the higher low. This would be the
higher high. We're yet to break above or below it. So, the one hour timeframe is indeed
bullish.
As well. And we go down to our 30 minute timeframe, and 30 minute timeframe as of right
now is bearish. So, you can see how this was creating lower low, lower high, lower low,
lower high, lower low, lower high, lower low. We went bullish, and then we shifted bearish.
And right now, it's creating almost what looks like to be a double top.
So, right now, the 30 minute timeframe is bearish.
Bearish too.
And lastly.
The 15 minute one.
Yeah. Definitely least. Last, usually people say last but not least. The 15 minute
timeframe is the least because it's the weakest timeframe. It's not the one that is the strongest
or most respected. So, we don't really care for it that much. I use it a bit for my entry signals,
but we'll save that towards the end of the video. 15 minute timeframe. Right now,
we were creating lower lows, lower highs, lower lows, shifted bullish, higher high, higher low,
kind of skip all of that, higher low and higher high. 15 minute timeframe is indeed bullish.
And then lastly, 15 minute timeframe is bullish. Meaning, we have a total of one, two, three,
four timeframes bearish, and then we have three timeframes bullish. So, right off the bat,
it makes more sense to sell and to buy. But let's say it was, for example, four timeframes
bullish, and then three timeframes bearish. Would that make sense to buy? Not really. Because the
lower timeframes being in one direction doesn't mean that the higher timeframes are going to go
in that direction as well. So, for me, whenever I go take a trade, whenever I go do top-down
analysis, what makes the most sense is to have the highest timeframes going in that direction.
So, if the weekly is bearish, daily is bearish, and four hour is bearish,
I want to continue to trade with those markets that have a higher probability to trade. So,
now, can I be interested in buys because these lower timeframes are in one direction? Sure. But
it's not as strong as a probability. The higher timeframes, the more respected the market is,
the lower the timeframe, the less the market respected is.
Okay, okay.
You get that?
Yeah, I understand, yeah.
Okay. So, now that we understand that the majority of the timeframes are going to the downside
when we are done with this part of the top analysis, we move on to the next phase,
which is looking for area of interest. So, we cannot
enter a trade without an area of interest. I'm going to repeat that. We can have all these
timeframes bearish or all these timeframes bullish, but if you don't have a proper area of
interest, you cannot take the trade at all. Area of interest is going to be the most crucial point
on where you're actually going to enter. For example, if let's say right now we are surfers,
right? We're going to go to the ocean to surf. We can see a bunch of waves being created,
going to one direction to the shore, and you want to go out there and surf. But if you don't know
where you're going to enter on that wave, it's no good. You basically can't do anything. Let's say
right now there's a basketball game going on and the ball is out of bounds. You can't play the
game at all because the ball is out of bounds. You can only play the game when the ball is in
bounds. It's in the game. Right now, if the trade is completely bearish and there's no proper area
of interest, the ball is not in the game. Okay.
The game is not in the game.
Happening. You only take a trade after you have a proper area of interest. So the way of area
of interest is identified is very simple to simplify very quickly. We have here a market
that is a bullish market, but it's market. What we are anticipating for price to do is
have a retracement. This retracement stop at some given time and point before then having
the push to the upside. Our job as traders is to predict
when is this stop going to stop? So then we can have our entry right around here.
So then the trade from here can then have the push to the upside. That's our job
to predict when is this pullback going to stop before it actually has the pushup.
So you can almost anticipate when this pullback is going to happen to perfection
based off of an area of interest. So now we understand this market's bullish. Let's say,
this is the daily timeframe. For example, we would have to find an area of interest,
which is a point where the market has respected multiple times.
Okay.
Right.
in theory a minimum of three times so let's just add another structure point here right here so we
can have our minimum of three touches and yes it could count even if you have structure points
above this has one two three four four right so this is a valid area of interest so we would
expect this for price to have a retracement into this area retest it head to the upside okay and
what's the minimum like touching points that we need so it's a minimum of three so you're gonna
have three points above three points below a total of three points so let's say for example
one above one under and one above or you can have all three of them under as long as there's three
points of that area it's a valid area of interest you got that yeah i got it okay so if we were to
go to for example let's say weekly time frame we said weekly time frame we would identify
where we are right now and if we were to look left
we would not really see any price action for about 10 years but even then this line right here
we have one two and we go back to current price and then we have three that's three touches
fair with me we go down to the daily time frame and then the daily time frame we would do the
exact same thing but in a much more detailed version with what we're dealing with right now
so for example we can spot let's say
zone like this here we were to have one two and then three that's a valid area of interest
if you were to look at the market like this one two three four valid very valid
you're looking at like this there's nothing there it's not valid i personally the furthest
i like to look back when identifying these areas of interest is anywhere in between one
to three years that's the furthest i ever like to look back recently with the way the new markets
have changed it's just we want to make sure we're executing a trade where the market has respected
recently not 10 years ago the world's in different places 10 years ago the markets
are different and i want to make sure that the price is very relevant to the most recent so
our second thing is identifying an area of interest and this area of interest
is very well respected now at this point that we have officially identified the area of interest
it's officially game on so everything we've done up to this point is just understanding where the
market is at no point have we executed the strategy right now at no point have we have
done anything that's out of the normal right all right all we've done is just read the market yeah
now is when we're going to start applying our strategy to potentially execute this trade
a very simple analogy is let's say that
you're a surfer right now is at the point where you would go out to the ocean and then go and get
on to your board now a very big mistake that a lot of surfers make is they'll pull up to the beach
they'll go out to the ocean and they wait in the ocean for a wave okay what happens they get eaten
by a shark the current takes them far away i don't know i'm not a surfer are you a surfer i'm not
a surfer but i understand the analogy you said the analogy right so it's a very high level of
high risk approach you don't have to be out there in the water for the wave for you to surf the
wave you could be on the beach safely under an umbrella not getting burnt when you see the wave
approaching then you can then go out into the water you swim to it and then you surf the wave
is there a possibility that are you missing it sure it's fine it's normal but you're minimizing
your risk if you do not have your trade be at your area of interest why would you go in and
enter a trade it simply makes no sense if you don't have the wave right there at that given
moment why would you be waiting in the water it's just very high risk it only makes sense to execute
the trade when it's at your area of interest it only makes sense to ride a wave when it's ready
to be rid of there's no reason to be overexposed for no reason now i want to make sure you understand
this is so crucial and so key because some traders they would do their analysis they would do the top
analysis decently they'll find a
decently
decent area of interest and then they'll feel like the market owes them something because they've
analyzed the market you gotta make sure that you can analyze the market put so much time into it
and it mean nothing okay that you can be completely emotionally detached from that trick yes
you got that right i got it it's very key so now that you understand that you don't have to be in
the ocean waiting for the wave you can wait for it at the beach you want to make sure that you know
what you're waiting for right like you want to have your binoculars set so you can see the wave
make more
you want
waiting for something specific correct that's exactly what we would do here once price is
approaching or reaching the area of interest so for example let's say this trade at this point
once this trade broke this neckline and or this area of interest this is where the majority of
traders would just want to get involved right away because they feel like they're going to be right
about the direction which they're right right this the majority of the time frames are bearish
you have a head and shoulders you have many different formations that are identifying that
this trade should continue to go down rather than up so this is where the big mistake comes in
because they're getting involved too early too quick okay just because the water and the currents
are going in one way you don't want to go in right away you still have to wait for your trade you have
to wait for your entry this is where you would wait for a retracement which is where price would
then come back into this area and now when you're in this area is where then you're going to wait
for the trade to go down so this is where you would wait for a retracement which is where price
the most important and most crucial point which is going to be your entry signal the entry signal
is very much overlooked among the traders in the industry and they overlook it or they underlook it
they never find the perfect medium they're over complicated or oversimplified if you're looking
to sell a trade at an area of interest you need to have as many possible confirmations that the
trade is going to sell so for example the four hour time frame so let me actually take a step
back right weekly daily four hour time frame these are the three time frames to identify
the trend of the markets okay the two hour one hour 30 minute and 15 minutes are used to actually
enter the trade now these lower time frames are used to enter the trade based off of the direction
of the higher time frames okay you understood that right yeah if the higher time frames are bearish
we use the lower time frames to enter those cells so if we go down to the 30 minute right now for
example and we're looking for cells how are we going to sell if the 30 time frame the 30 minute
time frame is bullish we're creating lower lows lower highs lower lows lower highs and now we
shifted bullish so if we're looking to sell and our entry signal time frame is bullish how are
we going to sell it doesn't make any sense yeah right we need to only sell
it when the lower time frames match our higher time okay so this is where the even though the
wave is getting close to be formed and you're itching to go out there and go ride it it's not
ready yet right because the wave is just on its way to the beach hasn't decided if it wants to go
East or if it wants to go West and you want it to go West because that's where all the girls are on
the beach or whatever surfers look for whenever they go surf yeah there's a big nice wave loading
and you don't know what way it's going to go this is literally setting up the perfect pre-market
setup for that to happen right so what price does when it reaches the area of interest has
an accumulation this is one of the major things that I like to see because it shows me that it's
struggling to break through this area which clearly whenever we're above this area we
struggle and we have a push up whenever we are under this area we struggle and we push down now
again I can simply anticipate for the exact same thing so this is the higher low this is the
higher high in order for me to take the cell now we need to wait for a shift of structure and this
is where we would remain extremely patient and wait for the shift of structure this is two three
hours that have just gone by that we're just making the scene very quickly and that's where
the difficulty comes in from this the waiting game sitting on your hands and waiting for what
you need to do and that's when the difficulty comes in from this the waiting game sitting on your hands and waiting for what you need
to get done happen so at this point we're still not taking the trade the market is still bullish
and it's not giving us our entry signal you know wait for the shift of structure so at this point
that minor body candlestick that closed below that structure point that's it that's our entry
that is our entry signal that now the 30 minute time frame has shifted and now it's in correlation
with the higher time frame so now weekly daily four hour are bearish and so is the 30 minute
time frame which is an entry signal time frame for example which is an added confluence that would
then lead us to understand that now the 30 minute is following the higher time frame so we have the
higher time frames bearish we have a solid area of interest and then we also have our trade at the
area of interest giving us the shift of structure inside of it like we're literally creating a
perfect setup that it simply makes more sense
for this to go down than because at the end of the day the market's going to do two things go up or down
yeah we just got to figure out why it makes one yeah which one makes more sense for it to go down
or up this right here off of everything i've just said you can experience your grandma and they're
going to literally understand it yeah so once price has the break of the structure area you
would then wait for either a bearish engulfing confirmation an evening star you can look for
any reversal patterns like head and
shoulders double tops anything that confirms now that it's shifted bearish that it's going to
continue that momentum because one thing is shifting bearish and another thing is continuing
that momentum and then here we shift bearish and we simply continue that momentum now you can see
here how this structure went from being bullish to creating higher highs now being lower low lower
high lower low lower high yeah i see it so it literally goes from having a bearish move it goes
bullish to have the retracement
to have the retest of the area of interest and then it shifts and then it continues to move down
it just it's simple waves but not the actual surfing ones you're just like trading waves
more fun ones these to me they're more fun they make me money you know i'm not
prone to getting eaten by a shark you know yeah and now this is one of the trades that
i'm actively in right now and i am very confident in this trade to continue heading to the downside
price action is rejecting and as soon as i enter the trade i follow the slogan
i mean instead of forgetting all i do is just let the trade either do one or two things i let the
trade either hit my stop loss or i let the trade hit my take profit i don't do anything in between
and you never change the no no because if you change the trade you're changing your strategy
essentially because whatever you took at whatever given point met a strategy and it made sense at
that point that means that the trade still makes sense just because it doesn't go to your take
profit right away doesn't mean the trade is not valid it doesn't mean that the trade is not valid
if the trade sometimes will take a day or two or three and if that's what it takes that's what it
takes i always make sure that my stop loss is placed above the previous high just in case if
for whatever reason we now body candlestick close above this area we are completely wrong because
since we had the shift to structure when i entered this trade in the 30 minute
for me i identified this to be the lower high and i identified that this be
the new lower low at the time of me watching this market this was the lower
high this was the lower low if this price from this given point body candlestick above the
structure point technically would be bullish and it's destined to continue going to the upside so i
only place my stop loss at an area where if it gets hit it's completely wrong okay this is very
100 very key very key and then i simply paste my take profit a little bit below the next structure
point where i believe that the daily time frame is destined to go stop loss placement is so key
can't even imagine okay and what if for example uh the trade goes so well that we can put the
stop loss what a take profit was yeah so that's called moving your stops or trail stops however
you want to call it that's something that i sometimes tend to do you could do it it's a
great way on how to continue to set and forget but i would try and only do that on trades that have
higher potentials of risk to reward right so if a trade has a for example
trade i only see it to have a one to two risk to reward for example but if you have a trade that
has a potential for it to be a one to four sure once the trade hits your original take profit
of a one two you could move your stop loss there worst case takes you out of the one to two
i personally don't really do this myself i see other people successfully do it i would recommend
either takes you out of your full take profit or takes you out of your full stop loss i wouldn't
modify moving your stop loss
to a random area where you enter the trade which has nothing to do with the market structure you're
prone to getting wicked out at break even and for example like let's say right now when this
trade was a little bit into profit and i would have put it at break even price would have just
taken me out at break even and now continue heading to the downside putting it at break
even or moving your stops has nothing to do with how the market moves it's just you wanting to
cover your risk and you cover your risk by pre-calculating it beforehand you don't have to
not want to lose money after you take a trade okay but it's a great way of thinking that's
being conservative i think that's great and you know what i love the fact that you asked
that last question there because it shows me that you're like catching up pretty fast and
it's very key that you understand to make money in trading it's not all about added risk
make money by preserving your money and being strategic with your risk not about risking more
it's about knowing when to risk and knowing when to not risk okay and the crazy part is that this
is literally just one of the many videos that we're going to be doing with david and his journey
has been honestly accelerating a lot faster than i imagined and we're sharing all of his journey
completely for free we're documenting it in real time his trades before during the after
and by the time you're watching this recording you can still watch everything and catch up and
still even replicate his results in the link below we have created a library where you can
get access to this completely for free and you can see all the videos that we created in the link below
i created a tutorial where you can access to this completely for free
and you can see what the process costs and you can get absolutely loving and sponsored trading experience
can see what David did to be part of this journey and how you can replicate it for yourself. I hope
you guys enjoyed this video. This is one of many that we are going to be creating for you guys
completely for free. Make sure to hit that like and subscribe button and I'll see you guys in the
next video.


==============================
VIDEO 068 — This Trading Strategy Made Me $54,000 In Just 24 Hours-bx4pIv4Wtck
==============================

This is an engulfing candlestick and this is exactly how much it's made me today alone and
I can refresh right now my phone you guys can see I'm refreshing live and this is how much it's made
me by using the engulfing candlestick strategy in under 24 hours and in this video I'm going to show
you the exact strategy that I use to take this trade and how you can use it for yourself as well
I'm going to explain to you how I did it and how you can use the engulfing candlestick strategy for
yourself so you're probably wondering what the engulfing candlestick is after seeing that and
it's actually very simple it's exactly what it says in the name an engulfing candlestick is a
candlestick that eats the last two candlestick it is one candlestick that engulfs the last previous
two candlesticks this confirms that it is a bullish engulfing candlestick or a bearish engulfing
candlestick knowing how to properly use this along with a lot of other stuff that you add to your
trading is more than enough to have an edge in the market and have a precise entry signal which
ultimately is going to take you to make a lot of money in trading but obviously you got to combine
that with a lot of other stuff that you add to your trading and that's going to make a lot of money
with a winning risk management strategy and in this video I'm going to share to you how you can
use this simple but powerful approach to the market so you can make money with it but before
I actually start explaining to you guys the explanation I want to be very honest with you
guys this is a very simple strategy but it is so effective that I can't even explain it obviously
you have to factor in addition so you have an edge in the market but you just saw how with that simple
entry engulfing candlestick I was able to make $54,000 in under 24 hours from my phone so now
that you understand that what is the engulfing candlestick what is the pattern what does it
consist of and as you can see right here in this picture it is a three candlestick pattern it
consists of two candlesticks headed in one direction and then you have one candlestick
headed in the complete other direction this right here is also known as a morning star formation
or a bullish engulfing candlestick here you can see how one candlestick engulfs the last two
candlesticks without the one candlestick and eating or engulfing the last two candlesticks
this would not count as a bullish engulfing candlestick and it would not be a valid
entry signal to use as a bullish engulfing candlestick and now this example right here
is basically the same exact thing but now heading to the downside you can see two candlesticks heading
to the upside and then one big red candlestick to the downside this is a bearish engulfing
candlestick as you can see the one red candle has completely engulfed two blue candles heading
to the upside indicating that the market now is going to continue to go up and down
so now that you understand what an engulfing candlestick consists of it's actually very
simple and they're literally all over the chart you can see them everywhere on any single
time once you're looking at the market but now you're probably wondering do these candlesticks
always mean the same thing can you always use them as a reversal pattern at any point
in the charts and the answer is no you can have a bearish engulfing candlestick in the
middle of the chart and that doesn't mean that price is going to completely reverse
at that point and just because you have a bullish engulfing candlestick you don't have
in the middle of the price going up
doesn't mean that price can completely go against it.
This engulfing candlestick has to be used correctly
at a strong area of interest
or at a strong supply and demand zone
or at a strong support and resistance.
They are all the same thing.
At the end of the day, it's a base point
where the engulfing candlestick is having a rejection from,
whether it's to the upside or whether it's to the downside.
This engulfing candlestick is most valid and most powerful
once it has a base point to push off of,
not just in the middle of the chart
that it just happened to pop up.
So if you're looking to take advantage
of the bullish engulfing candlestick
or the bearish engulfing candlestick,
make sure that it is at a level of support
or a level of resistance.
If you wanna know what a strong level
of support and resistance and how to identify those zones,
I have a video for you right here
that explains it perfectly,
in addition with the engulfing candlestick strategy,
which is a perfect combo.
You need to make sure
that you're at a strong support level,
to use the bullish engulfing to then buy.
You need to make sure you're at a strong resistance level,
so then you use the bearish engulfing to then sell.
So now I'm gonna actually show you the same example
of this very trade right now,
that I'm actually up $53,000.
This is the exact example
of what I'm trying to explain to you guys right now.
So you guys can see right here,
this is AUD CAD and how I have entered
on the 30 minute timeframe
after this beautiful bullish engulfing candlestick.
So this is the classic bullish engulfing candlestick,
where it has a very strong resistance level,
and it has completely eaten the last two candlesticks,
and now this candlestick has engulfed
above the last two candlesticks.
This right here is a valid bullish engulfing candlestick.
This right here is an example
of another valid bullish engulfing candlestick,
which is known as a morning star formation.
This right here on the other hand
is not a bullish engulfing candlestick,
simply because you can see how they took two candles,
and they ate the last red candle.
That is not the goal.
The goal is for one whole entire candle
to eat the last two candles as it did here, as it did here.
This case over here is also not
a bullish engulfing candlestick.
Even though it completely ate one,
this candlestick right here
should have eaten above this point right here.
So this is a perfect example
of what is a bullish engulfing
and what is not a bullish engulfing.
So now how do you take a trade
based off of a bullish or bearish engulfing?
Very simple.
And it goes back to the point how I just mentioned.
You need to be at a strong level of support and resistance.
The strong level of support and resistance,
as you can see right here,
is my four hour level of supply and demand,
support and resistance, area of interest.
Again, it's all the same thing.
So as you can see here,
this is a support or resistance level
where price, whenever it's above,
it's being held to head to the upside.
Whenever it is under,
it is pushing price to the downside,
as you can see right here.
So a valid level of support and resistance
is a zone where it has more than three touches.
This obviously has more than three touches.
So now once you find this strong level
of support and resistance,
I go to the lower timeframe,
such as a 30 minute, 15 minute,
and I'm looking for this bullish engulfing candlestick,
along with a lot of other little details.
But the main priority is this bullish engulfing candlestick.
As you can see right here,
I got this engulfing candlestick at 9.30 in the morning,
placed my entry as soon as that candlestick closed,
and I put my stop loss right under the low,
of the last two candlesticks.
And I give it some breathing room,
just in case if it needs to come back
and then create some type of wake,
so price can fluctuate
because obviously the market simply has to breathe.
So after I take the trade,
next I have to place my take profit.
And then this is a trade
where I have multiple take profits set up
because you guys know I'm a day trader,
intraday trader, swing trader.
Really depends on the type of approach
that I want to do based off the account,
but it's the same exact strategy
that I use on every single account.
It's just, do I want to hold the trade longer or not?
And for this example right here,
this is a prime example of an intraday trade
that I can turn into potentially a swing trade,
simply because my first take profit
was this structure level right here on the daily timeframe,
which was the high of this wick.
And on the same timeframe that I entered,
it's the highest point that it did right here,
which is a nice zone, very valid,
but looking at the higher timeframes,
looking for continuation of the market,
I noticed that we have a very strong level
of support and resistance right here.
You can see we have one, two, three touches,
and there's pretty much nothing stopping price
to getting to that point right next to it.
The last point over here, there's nothing stopping it.
As you can see, price hasn't been up here
in over six months.
So now that we're back at this point right here,
it's pretty much clear ways for it to hit
this structure point right here,
and I can stretch my profits from where I am right now
all the way to this point.
So I'm going to hit this point right here.
And I can literally double my profits right now
where I'm up exactly $49,000.
So if it goes right up to here,
I can make anywhere from 75 to $80,000 on this trade alone.
But don't always fall for this candlestick.
This can actually be very misleading at a lot of times.
And a lot of traders can get caught in the wrong side
of this bullish engulfing or bearish engulfing candlestick.
So for example, let's say right here,
we were looking to enter a trade
based off of a bullish engulfing candlestick,
and you wanted to take it.
And you were thinking that it was a valid trade.
Sometimes that's not the case,
and it actually doesn't go in your favor.
For example, this trade right here,
as you can see,
this is a very valid bullish engulfing candlestick
and has actually eaten more than the last two candlesticks.
It has eaten about 10 of them.
So it's eaten a lot of price in just one single candlestick,
which is a very strong indication
that price should now continue to head to the upside.
But guess what you just did?
You literally just bought right at a resistance level.
As you can see, this is the level of support and resistance
that whenever we're above, we're buying,
and whenever we're under, we're selling.
That is why it's so key to enter the trade
at a very key support or resistance level.
I can almost guarantee you
if this bullish engulfing happened above the zone,
so for example, like this,
this trade would have had a completely different turnaround
because as of right now,
you're literally having that bullish engulfing candlestick
directly into a resistance level,
and you don't wanna do that.
If you're buying at a bullish engulfing,
you want to be above a support level.
And if you wanna be selling with a bearish engulfing,
you want to be under a resistance level.
This right here is another example
of a random bearish engulfing candlestick
that just happens in the middle of the chart,
and you should stay away from these
because they have no context and they have no business.
This right here is a simple bearish engulfing candlestick.
It obviously didn't eat completely the last two candles,
so that should be your first red flag.
And on top of that,
it kinda just happened in the middle of the chart.
There's no valid level of support or resistance.
Obviously, there is on a 30-minute,
a set-and-forget strategy,
we don't use 30-minute areas of interest
because they're nowhere near as effective
as the timeframes that we use with the strategy.
So this is another example
of what you want to stay away from
because it is not valid.
It's simply in the middle of the chart with no context.
And this engulfing candlestick pattern,
I wish I learned at the beginning of my journey.
It would have saved me so much time
trying to figure out what worked and what didn't.
But it's not enough.
Once you learn this pattern,
you still need to have an actual trading plan
to be able to execute that engulfing candlestick.
So I'm gonna stick with some type of trading plan.
With the set-and-forget strategy,
it lets traders make anywhere from $1,000 to $1,500 a week
as a beginner set-and-forget trader.
We've been trading for about six years in the market,
and I have perfected the engulfing candlestick strategy
along with the set-and-forget trading plan,
which leads traders to make anywhere from $1,000 to $1,500
a week as a beginner set-and-forget strategy.
And you're probably wondering what the set-and-forget mean
and how does it let people make anywhere
from $1,000 to $1,500 a week?
Just click the link in the description box
in the description below.
I have a video there for you that explains exactly
what the set-and-forget is and what it consists of.
Every single week, I get on a call with the students
and we identify these same patterns every single week
and how you can use the set-and-forget strategy
to your advantage in correlation
with the engulfing candlestick confirmation
so you add it with the trading plan.
So if you wanna know what set-and-forget is
and how I let traders make anywhere from $1,000
to $1,500 a week, click the link in the description below.
I have a video there for you
that explains everything to perfection.
And I appreciate you guys
for watching this video all the way to the end.
I'll see you guys in the next video.


==============================
VIDEO 069 — This Trading Strategy Will Create Millionaires in 2025 ｜ Day Trading-5J01qKDAziM
==============================

So you want to learn a strategy on how to become successful in trading and if you're watching this
you've probably watched many others and you are not successful in trading you haven't made money
and you want to know how to well let me tell you something the markets have completely changed
right now with Donald Trump coming into office and this is my latest and most updated strategy
that will make you successful in 2025 and for the rest of Donald Trump's term because the markets
have changed greatly and we have reacted and adapted to it very fast to capitalize off of it
so welcome to this video and let's begin so for those of you guys that don't know my name is Alex
G I've been trading for the last seven and a half years and I have made well over 10 million dollars
in the financial markets just trading currencies alone I've done crazy flips I've taken a hundred
dollars into a million I've shown everything publicly the whole night but something is
happening right now in the market that even affected me as a experienced and successful
trader and it's a pattern that I saw in my journey as a trader when I started trading
seven years ago when I was working at Dunkin Donuts I started trading in the Trump markets
and for two years and a half I was finding it very difficult for me to become successful in
Trump markets because it was very unpredictable and I was also getting started in trading so I
didn't become successful then Biden got elected and the Biden markets came in which were very slow
very easy pace and I became not only a successful trader but I
became the trader and the person that I am today where I have made tens of billion dollars in the
markets from trading alone and now the markets have changed back to the Trump markets and I see
the same patterns that I saw when I started trading seven years ago markets still respect
market structure Trends aren't following Trends how they should entries are having major liquidity
grabs fake outs and wick outs and on top of that you need more extra confirmations to enter a trade
because Trump is coming out with new laws and new regulations
every single day and all markets are being affected by it now this caught me by surprise
because since I'm used to trading Biden markets when new Trump markets approach I am used to
trading a certain type of market volatility and from one week to another everything completely
changes I entered a two-month losing streak my entries weren't playing out as they should and I
had to take a step back for a second I'm like oh wait hold on the strongest currency in the world
which is the US dollar has now changed
from Biden's hand to Trump's hand and Trump is going to do everything he possibly can to make
the dollar stronger even if it's going to cost the US money to do that and it costs other currencies
to do that and why does that even matter for the foreign exchange market because you can't just
trade one currency you can't just trade USD you have to trade the USD versus the Euro the USD
versus the pound the USD versus the yen so if you're trading the yen short or the yen long
you're also trading against or with the dollar and
you have major fluctuation in price and even if you're not trading the dollar with other currency
pairs like NZD CAD for example you're going to see a great effect in that market just because
the strongest currency in the world is going through so much change right now and now this
could be a good or a bad thing depending on what side of the table you're on if you don't have any
experience it's going to be a very difficult time for you to learn these new markets if
you have some type of experience then it's going to be easier for you to adapt from
to not Trump and if you're an expert like me it takes you some back testing for you to realize
what is going on that has happened in the past now I've always been against back testing because
I personally don't believe that it works but in a moment like this it is very needed and I have
found something where I have now somewhat modified my strategy to the most updated and latest version
in 2025. the basis of my strategy still remains exactly the same I'm not changing the foundation
of it I'm just being a little bit more
conservative being a little bit more strategic with areas of interest and waiting for extra extra
confirmations where we're going to break everything down in this video oh and if you're a scalper day
trader swing trader interday position trader investor you are being affected by this no
matter what but it's okay this video I'm going to teach you how you can use this strategy to
your benefit and you're going to be able to capitalize off of it and not be confused on
what's happening in the markets oh and to clarify nothing is actually changing from my strategy I'm
starting with the trend I'm still entering at an area of interest and I am still looking for an
entry signal the foundation is the same but changes is how I do it now I'm going to give
you the best example and analogy that I can possibly do what I was doing in the Biden markets
is I would go to the beach I would get a surfboard and I would surf a wave now the way this works is
as a surfer your job is to go to the beach find the best beach that has the cleanest waters has the
waves does it have any Sharks does it have any rocks so you can have a great surfing day the
second thing is you want to make sure that your surfboard is waxed you want to make sure it you
have the tie strap tied to your ankle and you want to make sure that it has all the rubber on
top so when you get on you don't slip off and then the third is when you're in the water and
you're looking to enter the wave you want to make sure that you enter the wave in the middle not too
far without me ever surfing a day in my life but you understand the concept behind surfing now
fast forward to Trump markets I am still a surfer but now the only difference is that when I go to
the beach instead of me looking over the top of the beach to see if there's any Sharks if there's
any rocks usually beforehand that would take me one to two minutes because I would trust the beach
now it's going to take me one to two hours because I want to make sure that I can look a little bit
depth if there's any Sharks further out in the ocean if there's rocks hidden under the waves before
I actually even go to the beach I want to make sure that I have a brand new surfboard that it
is waxed freshly in the morning not prior nights and I want to make sure that the tie wrap is
brand new and when I go into the water to actually enter the wave I will only enter at the middle of
the wave in the last markets I would enter at the top middle bottom and I would still ride the wave
perfectly and there was no risk of me falling
but now in the new markets I'm being a little bit more conservative at what point I would enter now
if you notice I'm still a surfer in both markets the only thing that changes is I am a little bit
more conservative here and be a little bit more respective of the ocean why because you have to
respect the ocean because you never know what it's capable of and that's exactly what happens
in the markets but the by the markets I got very comfortable I was very used to taking trades that
were somewhat sporadic or high risk that worked out great
the markets have changed so what I'm doing now is I'm just being a little bit more conservative and
I am respecting the markets more and just like any beach that you go to there's a risk of there being
jellyfishes there being sharks there being stuff in the water and even though some beaches do have
a lot of it and some don't doesn't mean that one beach is better than the other because from one
day to another these things can appear all we're doing now is we are being more aware of it and
being more conservative and respecting it more because we understand that there's a higher risk
to be thinking with Trump markets like this a beginner trader would completely disregard that
now there's obvious visuals of sharks of rocks of jellyfish in the water and what happens they
get caught they get eaten by a shark and then they have a bad experience from the beach and
surfing and they never want to do it again but not us as experienced Traders we understand it
we change our mindset instead of being aggressive we're being defensive and we're being very
strategic with this because we find more opportunities and we capitalize off of it so now
the charts and the mature way on how to approach the market now I'm going to teach you how to
actually trade the market and these are going to be the exact steps that you need to use in order
for you to actually enter a position exactly how I do it nowadays so the first thing that you want
to look at when you go turn into the Marcus is going to be the trend the trend is your friend
and trust me you do not want to trade against the trend especially inside of these new Trump markets
the best analogy and simplest analogy is if
the waves are surfing West don't try and surf East go with the waves it's going to be a lot
easier rather than fighting them same thing here in the markets when we go identify a trend of the
market we always have to start from the top down meaning we have to start from the highest time
frame to the lowest time frame so we understand where the majority of the time frames are headed
for example we're going to be using the weekly daily and four hour to understand the basis of
what this trend is doing
and then after we understand what these time frames are doing we will use a two hour one hour
30 minute and 50 minute to look to enter the trade so out of all of these six time frame seven time
frames that I have here they are grouped by what they will be used by the higher time frames weekly
daily and four hour is purely for trend and area of interest the two hour one hour 30 minute and
50 minute is purely for entries and has no association with the trend it's very simple
as well is these higher time frames are the big waves these lower time frames are the small waves
you're not going to enter on a small wave you always want to enter the big waves you got a
longer surf you get cooler pictures and it's somewhat safer to enter a wave further out in
the ocean rather than very close to the shore because there's rocks there's sharks there's
people Etc so when we go understand that the market is bullish or bearish we want to make sure
at least off of the market structure market structure is going to be every single one of
these elbows that we have that creates a high point a low point and a high point this market
here has shifted from being bearish to now being bullish this market currently is bullish with
this being the latest higher high and with this being the latest higher low at this point right
here so this is the start we have the weekly time frame bullish
so we would take out our trusty notes we put weekly and then we would put bullish then we
would go down to the next time frame which would be the daily and we would get an understanding of
what is the daily doing is the daily bullish or is the daily bearish so same exact structure we
will start from here higher high so say higher low higher high higher low higher high lower low
lower high lower low and this daily body
golfed above that structure point so technically this would then be bullish as well so here we have
daily bullish and then we would go to the four hour so we go down to the four hour on the four
hour we would be able to read the market structure and determine if this is bullish or bearish because
as of right now we have two time frames telling us that the market is heading to the upside which
already makes more logical sense to buy
rather than sell trading is already 50 50 it's either going to go up or going to go down and
you want to create the most amount of confluences that you possibly can so you enter this trade in
one direction rather than the other so if we were to read here the four hour say we start off
from here higher high higher low higher high market has shifted here bearish then we created
a lower low and currently we are still bearish because this right here is the lower high at
this structure point right here
and this is the lower low at this structure point right here this is bearish because the body of
this structure point did not body close above this right here I don't count the wicks the wicks are
not real market structure the wicks are just wicks it's where price has been in the past but
price never really actually closed or stayed there for a period of time a way that you can look at a
wick is as if you were to have your feet
swept and you walk into your house if you go from your door to the kitchen you leave a trail but if
you stay at the kitchen that's where you end up staying for let's say for a picture you got caught
that you walked into the house with wet shoes at the kitchen not at the door the footprints from
the door to the kitchen is the trail this wick right here is the trail but where you got caught
was here in the kitchen which is where the closer of the body is so technically you didn't get caught
because of the trail because
the trail could have been anybody else you got caught because you got caught being at the kitchen
with the wet shoes so the trail doesn't really count to identify if the market structure is
bullish or bearish that is just the history what matters are the bodies and if you were to add the
line chart to this as you can tell the lines though create points at the structure points not
at the wicks you notice every single line is at the body of the move and not at the wicks because
of the bodies not off of the wicks if I remove the candlesticks you can see here how this would
be the lower high lower low and how none of these wicks are being factored into the equation because
once again wicks don't count now boys don't count for this specific example I'm going to explain
you what wicks count later in the video so we understand that this time frame is now bearish
which is cool because now we understand that we have two higher time frames heading to the
upside and then we have one time frame heading to the downside
deal the strategy remains the same we need a minimum of two time frames in sync in order for
us to take this trade into the direction that the consecutive time frames are in and these
consecutive time frames are the weekly bullish and the daily bullish so this means we have two
consecutive time frames that indicate buys we're going to purely be looking for buys we're not going
to be looking for sales if this were to be the other way around let's say the four hour would
be bullish and the daily bullish as well we would be
looking for buys as well but let's say that the weekly is bullish the daily would then be bearish
and then the four hour would be bullish we would not be looking for a trade here because there is
no two consecutive time frames in sync in order for us to be taking this trick but since that is
not the case and we do have two consecutive time frames we will be sticking to buys purely so now
that we understand that the market is bullish we then move on to the next which is going to be the
bucks so areas of interest are only identified on two time frames especially now in the Trump
markets to have a high probability trade which is simply going to be on the weekly and on the
daily and this is for a ideal intraday slash day trade swing trade you want to look for a swing
trade for an area of interest on the weekly You Want to Look for a day trade with an area of
interest on the daily and maybe on the weakly as
an intraday trade because you want to hold this position for a little bit longer. In this example,
this is going to work perfectly for both examples for an intraday trade, day trade slash swing
trade. So since we understand that this is the high point, and since this is the low point over
here, let's just place this one as the higher low. We understand that the area of interest could only
be looked for inside of this higher high and higher low. This could not be a area of interest
because if price were to make it to this point right here, price would then shift bearish and
we are no longer bullish, meaning that this market would then have a lower low. And then this would
be the lower high making the weekly timeframe bearish and not bullish, which we should not be
interested in buying. So we have to make sure that the area of interest that we place
is being placed inside of the higher high or higher low. And for a coincidence, you're a
beginner watching this video and you don't understand how I'm marking this market structure
so fast or how I'm identifying an area of interest so fast and you don't even know how to read market
structure, make sure you one, you subscribe to this channel and you check out my other videos
because I have videos that teach you how to do specifically one of these things for a very long
period of time and to the T. Now I'm just teaching you the strategy, not the how to of each thing
inside of my strategy.
So make sure you check out my other videos, which are going to be right here. Make sure you hit the
subscribe button to this channel as well. So back into finding the area of interest, which is going
to be the second step into identifying a high probability trade with the strategy that I use
inside of Trump markets. We identify this as the higher high, we identify this as the higher low.
We could only find an area of interest working from this high point down. Now, an area of
interest can only consist of a minimum of three touches. If we do not have three touches, an area of
interest is not bad. And an area of interest is basically what it is set. It is an area of interest.
It's not a line. It's not a dash. It's not a trend line. It's a little zone. And the zone
should not be bigger than 60 pips. If you notice this zone right here would be exactly 41 pips.
And again, I have videos inside of my channel explaining on why it shouldn't be bigger than 60
pips. So this right here would not be a valid area of interest because we only have one tap,
two taps, and that is it. A valid area of interest needs to have a minimum of three.
So this would not be a valid area of interest. So we would start from this point here. We would
put our higher low and we'd keep working our way down. And boom, we would make it to this spot here
where I already have the area of interest marked off because this right here has one tap, two taps,
four taps, and five, which is a much stronger area of interest. If you ask me, if you were to
compare it to this zone right here, what do you think price action would have more of a reaction
from? From an area that has one, two taps, or from an area that has one, two, three, four,
five, even six taps. Obviously the six, you want to put your money behind the zone that is much
more respected. Perfect analogy. If we were to talk about surfing,
you would,
much rather enter a wave that gives you more an indication that it's not going to just crash as
soon as you enter on it. Rather, if it is, this is exact same example here, but inside of the higher
high and higher low, there could be more than one area of interest. So we can keep working our way
down, working our way down, working our way down. And then we can run into this structure point
right around here. Let's make sure that this is not bigger than 60 pips. And this is right around
exactly 60 pips, which is perfectly fine.
We have one, two, three, four, and five taps. So both of these are weekly areas of interest,
meaning we would want for the weekly to come back into these areas in order for us to enter this
trade for a long position for a weekly trade. So we would have this as a weekly area of interest
one, and then this would be weekly area of interest number two, where we would anticipate
for the weekly to have a retracement here.
Here to then have the reaction that we would need to enter this trade to the upside. This is the
ideal swing trade. Now we're going to go down to the daily timeframe and find a daily area of
interest. So we can have a daily day trade and not have to wait as long for price to retrace
back up into here. So the daily timeframe, since this would be the higher high at this point right
here, and technically the higher low would be at this point right here, we'd have to look for
an area of interest inside of this higher high inside of this higher low. So we were to drag this
out to the left. We're going to start working our way from the top down. Obviously not as a big of
a zone that we would want, but we're just, I'm saying I'm using a realistic example from the
markets. You notice here, what do we have? We have one, two, three, four, five taps at this
area of interest. We can even make it a little bit tighter, which would be even better for price.
Here we have one, two,
three, four, five taps, meaning this is the valid daily area of interest. There is multiple
rejections from this area. So what would we need in order for us to take this trade to the upside
for a day trade is a retracement here to buy. If that opportunity does not present itself to enter
this trade here, what will then happen? The daily timeframe would then shift bearish and
to shift bearish, we would head to our weekly area of interest,
where then, our weekly area of interest number one, we would then look for entries to execute
the trade at this point here. So, the beauty of this is, the beauty of my strategy at least is you
don't have to only be a swing trader or only be a day trader. You're setting up a scenario on
whatever the market gives you the opportunity, and it's going to make a lot more sense now when we
go into the entry point. So after you understand, now, the entry point for a potential day trade,
entry point for a potential day trade, which by themselves is looking good, bran, which is better,
because a day trade is long term now. You can actually either add up the name of that entry point or
swing trade i mean essentially the entry area for now the day trade which would then go down to the
four hour two hour one hour 30 minute 15 minute from the four hour we would understand that this
would be the retracement area we would understand that the four hour is bearish because that is the
lower high and this is the lower low but you may be asking alex would you still take the trade
to the upside even if the four hour is bearish and the answer is sure but i need a valid rejection
pattern in order for me to enter this trade and this is where we're now going to enter the entry
area of the strategy which is going to be the famous head and shoulders pattern whenever you
enter a trade it's because you're entering the reversal of the move that is happening at that
point perfect example is going to be if the market is bullish when you're entering a buy
you're not entering a buy at the highest point you're entering the buy at the retracement
anticipating for the next push to the upside inside of this push right here there is going
to be bearish structure to make it back into this area of interest inside of this bearish structure
pullback that price is going into your area of interest what you need to wait for is going to be
a reversal pattern or a shift of structure also known as a head and shoulders pattern which has
been one of my most successful patterns has made me tens of millions of dollars in the markets by
just simply waiting for it does it happen all the time yes will it happen all the time no you need
to be very patient for it and sometimes you'll enter it sometimes it won't work sometimes you'll
even miss it because it doesn't give you that pattern and that's perfectly fine this is our edge
and it's part of the game that we're trading so price will have a retracement back into this area
of interest and as of right now it is potentially going to be a retracement of this area of interest
essentially creating that inverted head and shoulders at this area of interest so what i
would need is for price to make it to this right shoulder and then break that neckline have a
retest of it and then we will enter this trade to the upside perfect example that i can do this
is this one right here there is a high point we have a left we have a head and then on the right
shoulder what did we do we broke the neckline and then we retested it this is an example of
it playing out perfectly this is an example right here of a left head and then a right shoulder and
it never broke the neckline so if we would have been taking this sell what would have happened
we would have taken a loss and we don't wait for that extra confirmation so before when i was
trading the biden markets i would just take the trade anywhere in the pattern of the head and
shoulders just because it worked very well now in the trump markets i must wait for the
trade and then the retest of the neckline of the head and shoulders it is the only confirmation
that i will wait for to enter the trade i am not entering a trade beforehand and i am not going to
enter a trade in the middle of it it has to happen a perfect break and retest if not i will
not be entering the trade because as you can see here multiple times not only did it work here
once it did it here once it didn't do it it didn't work and then here as well if you notice this
looked like it was creating a left
a head and here on the right shoulder it basically never stopped before in the biden markets i would
take this trade here all the time because i would anticipate the right shoulder but that is no
longer the case i must wait for a shift of structure or also known for the head and shoulders
pattern at the area of interest and if i were to get this pattern on the four hour if i were to get
this pattern on the two hour the one hour the 30 minute whatever looks the cleanest what i will say
will stay away from the 15 minute i haven't officially moved it away from my strategy just
yet because i want to test it a little bit more with the biden markets to see if i can implement it
somewhere in the strategy but in the last three months of me using the strategy with the trump
markets i have found zero use for the 15 minute time frame if anything it's just confusing me a
little bit more so for now i don't want to completely remember it i still want to give it a
chance i've been using it for the last seven years of my trading and i'm not going to be able to
and it's kind of i'm kind of attached to it it's made me money it's lost me money but i don't see
a lot of use of it now in the trump markets and before i make the decision i want to collect more
data personally as a trader so then i can make that decision so once you do have your head and
shoulders pattern that has formed which for example let's say this forms like this and then
we have our break and then our retest of our neckline of our head and shoulders we would look
for price to then have the entry signal which you would enter the trade at the
length and then we want to make sure that we can give it a breathing room from either the right
shoulder or the head of the move so this would be the right shoulder this would be the head
perfect example from this head and shoulders we can either give it a breathing room from well
the right shoulder happens to also be higher than the head which is perfectly fine but let's say if
we were to be taking this trade right here we can either give it a breathing room from that right
shoulder which is this one right here left head right shoulder or we can give it a breathing
ahead. It would just depend on how big your risk to reward is and where your take profits will be
placed. And that goes on to my next point, which is part of the entry signal. And it is, if you're
going to be entering a day trade, you have to place day trade, take profits. If you're going
to be entering a swing trade, you have to place swing trade, take profits. It's just simply how
it works. And your stop loss needs to directly correlate with that because you cannot enter a
trade unless you don't have a minimum of a one to two risk to reward. Any trade below a one to two
risk to reward, even if it's a one to 1.5, it is simply not a profitable risk to reward. It is not
going to work. All of my trades are a minimum of a one to two. And lately with the Trump markets,
I've been cutting them off right at the one to two. I created the slogan set and forget. I even
trademarked it. Like I literally own the word set and forget. I own it.
And I have not been set and forgetting lately because Trump, in the middle of your move,
as you're set and forgetting, can tweet something or come out with a new law. And there goes all
your profits. You can be taken out at break even or your trade can just completely reverse against
you. And this has happened for many of my trades throughout this whole entire week. I can show you
trades here like Euro JPY, where I was nearly at my one to two risk to reward price came back
and took me at a stop loss. You want to make sure that you're being conservative here in
this example, I can not been greedy and look for the extra profits and close to here.
But I wanted that extra, I make it a all the way to a one to three and look what happened.
So with these Trump, the main thing is going to be being conservative and sticking to the strategy.
Are opportunities going to present themselves? Yes. Are they going to come
every day? Have they to seek ou bij over $100?
Let me decrease.
they used to abide in markets? Not right now. We have to give it some time for us to adjust and
evolve with the markets. And every single week I break down these markets with my students. I'm
breaking down every single trade that I take before, during, and after inside of my private
community. I break down where I'm exactly looking to enter, where I'm exactly looking to get out.
I'm doing live updates on my trades with other thousands of successful traders that are using
my strategy and practicing it in real time. We have traders from all around the world. We have
traders from all different ages, different professions, capitalizing off of these
opportunities that we're getting every single day. So if you want to be part of the Center
for Get Community, where students are making anywhere from $1,000 to $1,500 a week using the
Center for Get Strategy, make sure to click the link in the description below. I have a video
for you there that explains to you what our community is about, to see if it even makes
sense for you. Because truthfully, it took us a period to adjust now to these Trump
markets. So I'm going to show you how to do that. So I'm going to show you how to do that.
But I will tell you this, this is only the beginning of it. We have a very long term ahead
of us and the opportunities are going to be endless for us to capitalize off of it. I hope
to see you inside of the community soon. Make sure to hit that like and subscribe button and
I'll be see you inside of the Center for Get Community. I'll see you guys in the next video.


==============================
VIDEO 070 — This_Data-Backed_Strategy_Works_Everyday_Stupid_Simple_And_Proven-[xRuMUvW3T7Q]
==============================

this simple data back strategy works every single day i've tested it over 56 trading days and it has
made me seven figures in this video i'm going to show you guys the exact strategy and multiple
trade examples so that you guys can use it for yourself but first of all i want to show you guys
the tradezilla dashboard so you guys know i'm not capping again this is over the course of six
months from april 1st to september 30th um we can go through literally every single one of these
months but we can see again 15 trading days i was able to make 491 000 in september i was able to
make 247 thousand dollars in august with just seven trading days in july i actually didn't trade
that much i was in europe in june i was able to make 140 000 over the course of 11 trading days
in may i was able to make 116 000 over the course of 10 trading days and then last but not least in
april i was able to make fifty three thousand dollars over the course of seven trading days so
safe to say that i know what i'm talking about when
it comes to trading and using this specific strategy and in this video i want to go over
the specific steps that it takes to build the strategy the specific confluences when to wait
for the confluences when to execute when to take profit where to put your stop loss so that you
guys can just copy me so the first thing that we're going to do here is we're just going to
lay out the strategy point blank period we're going to go through every single step and i'm
going to be going in deep detail and in depth of how we can do this and then i'm going to show
you guys a couple examples so step one every single trade that i take is going to be off
of a high time frame liquidity sweep whether the liquidity sweep happens during pre-market whether
it happens during london session or whether it happens during new york session every single
trade that i am taking is going to be consistently off of a liquidity sweep so the first thing that
we're looking to identify is our key levels which are draws on liquidity and what are draws on
liquidity highs and lows within the market so if we can think about high time frame draws and
liquidity what is that going to be that's going to be
one hour highs and lows, four hour highs and lows, session highs and lows. Okay. We are going to mark
these out and then we're going to wait for these highs and lows to get pushed into. And that's
going to be the first step of our strategy. We're going to wait for either a one hour high to get
swept, a four hour high to get swept, a session high to get swept. And then we're waiting for
step two to come after that, which is going to be a reaction showing and proving to us that,
hey, this is a liquidity sweep. Because again, we're not just pressing the buy button and we're
not just pressing the sell button. When these key levels get hit, there needs to be other
confluences following that. So that leads us to step number two, which is waiting for some form
of confirmation. Okay. So we're going to wait for a five minute confirmation confluence. And
what is a confirmation confluence? If you guys are new here, this comes in the form of break
of structure, inverse for value gap, a 79% extension closure, and a five minute SMT
divergence. So we can go ahead and put every single one of these down here. And again,
we don't need
every single one of these to happen. We just need one because each one of these confluences
signifies the same thing that we swept liquidity. Step number one. And then step number two is that,
hey, this was an actual valid sweep of liquidity. And we are actually changing order flow and we're
changing directions. And those orders were actually filled. And the drawn liquidity that
we marked out is actually valid. That's how we get that confirmation, right? Because again,
like I said, we're not just pressing buy and we're not just pressing sell,
right? When we push over a one hour high or underneath a one hour low, that would be stupid
and we would lose all of our money. So let me go ahead and write all these down or an SMT divergence.
Awesome. So number one always has to happen, right? But sometimes, like I mentioned earlier,
sometimes number one happens and it happens during pre-market or it happens during a previous
session. So if number one happens before market open, okay, we need to wait for a,
a five minute manipulation. Okay. So you're probably saying, what does that mean? Well,
if we get an hourly sweep and then a change in direction before New York market opens,
that's great. Step one and step two have been checked off. But if that happens, we have to
wait for a low timeframe manipulation on the five minute timeframe when New York market opens. And
you're probably saying, well, why are you doing that? Well, it's an extra safety precaution that
I put into the strategy.
Because more often than not, when New York market opens, there's always going to be some
form of manipulation. And if we had the high timeframe form of manipulation that we were
looking for, for the strategy during pre-market or during London session, you're probably saying,
okay, the manipulation already happened. Well, yes, but also when New York market opens,
new money is coming into the market. And when new money comes into the market, there's almost
always going to be some form of manipulation. So when we get the high timeframe manipulation,
before New York market open, we are still expecting some form of manipulation when New
York market opens. So how do we see that? Through a low timeframe manipulation, because that new
money still needs to manipulate and still needs to activate and take out sweep orders to be able
to push price in the direction that it wants to go because new money is coming into the market.
So if number one happens before the market opens, like during London session or during pre-market,
we wait for a five minute liquidity sweep.
Again, we still follow all these rules. So again, let's say we sweep out a four hour low and then we
get a five minute break of structure. And that happens during London session. We can see, okay,
awesome prices moving up. And then boom, New York market opens. We know our bias is going to want
to be bullish because we swept out a low and then we changed direction to the upside. But because
that happened before market open, we need to wait and see a five minute manipulation when New York
market opens, because we know new money is coming into the market and there has to still be some
form of manipulation. So we're going to see a five minute manipulation before the market opens.
Okay. When that happens, we can go ahead and rotate to number three. And again,
to be is only the case is if number one happens before market opens. Okay. Because if number one
happens on New York market open, then again, let's think about it. That means New York market
opens. There's new money coming into the market. And then we sweep out a high timeframe draw on
liquidity. And then we change direction. Awesome. The high timeframe draw on liquidity was swept
when New York market opens. So the manipulation from New York market open,
has already happened. Okay. So there doesn't need to be an extra manipulation because the
manipulation that occurred for New York market open was for the high timeframe. The only time
that we use to be is if the high timeframe form of manipulation happens before market opens,
because again, when New York market opens, there still needs to be some form of manipulation that
moves us to number three. Number three, what are we looking for? We get liquidity sweep. Then we
get a change in direction. Then what are we looking for? So again, I think about this logically when
I'm taking down my strategy, I think, okay, step number one, we need to fill orders. How do we fill
orders by taking out liquidity? Number two, we have to confirm that orders have been filled. How
do we confirm that orders have been filled with a change in direction, a change in order flow.
That's through the confirmation confluence. Number three, what do we need to wait for?
Not only do we need to see the orders get filled, not only do we need to confirm that the orders
have been filled, but we also need to confirm that the trend is going to continue in our direction.
So number three is we wait for a five minute,
uation confluence. And that comes in the form of equilibrium, fair value gaps, or if 2B happens,
then an SMT divergence. And that's only if 2B happens and I'll explain why in a little bit.
But again, so let's go through it top to bottom now. We're looking for an area where orders can
be filled. That's going to be above one hour highs, below one hour lows, above four hour highs,
below four hour lows, above session highs, below session lows. We take out those areas. Then what
we're looking for, we're looking for confirmation that those orders have been filled. How can we see
confirmation by a change in order flow. Then from there, what are we looking for? We're looking for
a continuation in the trend to show that, hey, orders have been filled. We know that they've
been filled because we've changed order flow. And we know that this trend is going to continue
because we're pushing into the continuation confluence. Once the continuation confluence
gets pushed into, then from there, we can scale down to the one minute timeframe. And we're
looking for a one minute confirmation confluence out of that five minute continuation confluence,
the same exact confirmation confluence that we had before. So break of structure,
inverse for value gap, 79% extension on the Fibonacci or an SMT divergence. And then boom,
from there, plain and simple, we can enter. And then last but not least, number six is we target
the other draws on liquidity in our direction. So whatever draws on liquidity, again, let's say
we'd swept out one hour highs. Then we get a five minute break of structure to the downside. Then we
get filled. And then once that equilibrium gets filled, we scale down to the one minute timeframe.
And then we see a break of structure down out of that. We enter, and then we're targeting the other
draws on liquidity that are in our direction. So that would be one hour lows, four hour lows,
session lows, plain and freaking simple. Take a screenshot of this. This is the exact strategy
that I use every single day. And it works like a fucking charm. Take a screenshot of this,
get this done. Now, again, we're going to break this down and I'm going to draw it out first.
And then I'm going to show you, show you guys a couple examples on the charts.
Okay. So number one, what are we looking for? One hour highs, four hour highs, session highs,
session lows. Okay. So let's say we have boom, a let's say we have London highs right here. This
is market open and the market comes up boom, right? When market opens, what do we do? We
take out a four hour high boom, step one check. Then what are we waiting for? We can scale down
to the five minute timeframe. We're looking for a five minute confirmation confluence. Okay, cool.
We get boom, a five minute break of structure check to be if number one happens before
the market, we wait for a five minute liquidity sweep. Nope. This happened during New York market
open. So we can skip that boom. Number three, what are we looking for? We see orders had the
potential get filled. They got filled because we see, see the change in direction. Then what
are we looking for? We're looking for this trend to continue. So we're looking for a retrace. We
can even put on equilibrium to make it look good. We're looking for price to retrace either into a
fair value gap or equilibrium. We come up into equilibrium. Once we get into equilibrium,
we can scale down to the one minute timeframe. Boom. We scale down to the one minute timeframe.
We see a break of structure out of that. Boom. What do we do after that? We enter. And then
from there, what are we targeting the other draws and liquidity in our direction? So let's say we
have London lows right here. Let's say we have Asian lows down here. Let's say we have a one
hour low right here. Boom. We're entering right here. We're putting our stop loss above these
highs and we're targeting these lows. Bang, bang, bang. Simple as that. So with that being said,
let's put it on the charts. Let's go ahead and go in on, let's see this day. What is this? Tuesday,
October 7th. Let's see what, what price gave us on Tuesday, October 7th. So is the market open?
Let's look at it. We have London session lows right here. Put that in blue. We have previous
day highs right here, Asia session highs right here, London session highs right here, but those
got taken out during pre-market. So we can go ahead and disregard them. We have London session
lows right here. We have previous day lows right here and boom, those are draws on liquidity for
the day. And then we can also go ahead and mark out these 30 minute lows too. Let's do the same
thing on NASDAQ. I truly don't know what's going to happen on this day. This I literally just chose
could not. So we'll see. Okay. Same thing. We have previous day highs. We have London lows. We
have previous day lows. We also have these lows down here. These are, I believe hourly lows. I
don't even need to mark those out. Boom. 30 minute lows right here. Cool. So let's look at
this. So first thing that I'm going to want to do is just be sitting on the five minute timeframe,
because again, we already marked out these highs. We don't really need to be sitting on anything
else. Okay. We mark out these highs. Beautiful. So first thing that we do, we come up,
and what do you know? We take out previous day highs. Okay. That's previous session highs. Boom.
We take them out during pre-market. And then from there, what are we looking for? We're looking for
a five minute confirmation confluence. Okay. So we come down, but we don't get it. Okay. So we
don't get the five minute confirmation confluence and then market opens. Okay. So since that's the
case, we can say that, okay, we got the one hour or four hour session high that got swept,
but we didn't get this. So if that's the case, we're still waiting for number two. Okay.
So we're going to sit there and patiently wait. So we're going to sit on here and we're watching
and we're waiting and we're looking for a change in direction. But also we noticed that number one
happened before market opens. So we need to wait for a five minute liquidity sweep as well. So
again, if we get a sweep of liquidity during pre-market and then a move down, we're waiting
for two things. Now we're waiting for a five minute confirmation confluence, and we're waiting
for a five minute liquidity sweep. Okay. So what do we end up seeing happen? Boom. Price comes up,
sweeps out.
This five minute high, something that I also want to show you guys on the S and P 500. I'm
just making a prediction. I'm pretty sure. Ah, yes, I was right. We had an SMT divergence right
here. So that same five minute high that NASDAQ came up and swept the S and P 500 was not able
to sweep. So you're probably saying, well, okay, what does that mean? Well, first and foremost,
liquidity sweep during pre-market. So what are we waiting for? We're waiting for confirmation
confluence and we're waiting for low timeframe sweep of liquidity. So we get the sweep of
liquidity on NASDAQ, but we don't get it on the S and P 500.
So you're probably saying, well, TJ, what do we do then? Well, let's look at our cheat sheet. Okay.
So what does our cheat sheet say? We wait for this. This happened. We are waiting for both
of these to happen. Okay. So we're waiting for a five minute confirmation confluence and we're
waiting for two B to happen because this happened during pre-market. Okay. So let's look in here.
Five minute confirmation confluences. What are they? Break of structure, inverse for rally gap,
79% extension or an SMT divergence. And we're also waiting for a five minute liquidity sweep.
Well, we actually killed two birds, one stone.
With this, because what do we end up doing? We end up getting a five minute liquidity sweep,
which also ends up making a five minute SMT divergence. We make a higher high here on NASDAQ
at 9 55, pushing above these 9 35 highs versus on ES. What do we do? We make a lower high boom
right here. So we make a bearish SMT divergence while also sweeping out low timeframe liquidity.
So check on step number one, check on step number two and check on step number
two B because we had the sweep during pre-market, what are we looking for next?
We're looking for five minute continuation confluence. Now I'm going to copy this and
paste this over to the S and P 500, because we are going to want to prioritize the S and
P 500 on this trade. Why we don't want to be trading on NASDAQ because NASDAQ is the lagging
index. NASDAQ is the one that made a higher high on the SMT divergence, which means it's more
bullish than the S and P 500. And what are we trying to do right now? We're trying to short
flows, right? Because we got a liquidity sweep to the upside. So we're going to go over here to
the S and P 500, and this is going to be our primary focus for this trading day. So we're
going to get in here. Let me go ahead and paste this on boom. So step number one, check happened
during pre-market step number two and two B got hit at the same time because we made an SMT
divergence off of that five minute liquidity sweep. Now we're waiting for step number three.
Okay. So we made the liquidity sweep on that. We got the, uh, five minute SMT divergence. Beautiful.
From there, what do we wait for it? We wait for a five minute continuation confluence. So at that
point in time, boom, we're on this candlestick right here. Okay. So what are we waiting for?
We're waiting for continuation confluence via equilibrium, fair value gap, or if two B happens
then an SMT divergence. Okay. So we could look for a potential, another SMT divergence, but in
this trades case, we hit equilibrium. Okay. And let's see if there was a fair value gap. There
was a fair value gap that gets filled as well. So both of those confluences end up getting hit.
So fair value gap gets filled.
Equilibrium gets filled. So as we are on our way to fill these confluences, what can we do?
We can scale down to the one minute timeframe. Okay. So boom, we come up, we're filling the gap
and we're filling equilibrium. Awesome. So we're on the one minute timeframe right now. And again,
you guys were probably saying when we were writing out the strategy, what do you mean?
We need to wait for a one minute break of structure to the downside or a change of direction when we're
making a five minute retrace. And when we're making this five minute move up into this
continuation confluence on the one minute timeframe, more often than not, we're going
to break structure to the upside.
That's not the direction that we're trying to target, but because on the five minute,
it's a retrace into equilibrium, into a fair value gap. More often than not,
the one minute timeframe is going to change direction to the upside. Why does that happen?
Because the one minute in order to make a five minute retrace, it's just going to have to break
structure to the upside for the most part. Okay. So now that we've broken structure to the upside
on the one minute timeframe, and we filled the five minute continuation confluence, what are we
waiting for? We're waiting for the one minute to change direction back down to the downside for us
to enter.
Right?
Because then we've completed everything. We've completed boom, liquidity sweep for potential
orders to get filled. How do we know that the orders got filled? Boom by SMT divergence. Okay.
SMT divergence. And on top of that, we got the liquidity sweep during pre-market. Okay. When that
happens, what are we waiting for? We're waiting for some sort of five minute manipulation come
market open. We got the five minute manipulation on NASDAQ and we got the SMT divergence from there.
What are we waiting for? So that confirms potential for orders to get filled. We confirm that orders
are filled through the SMT divergence. And then now all we're waiting for is confirmation that the
trend is going to continue. And that's the point in time that we're at right now. So we're seeing
if price is going to fill this continuation confluence and then continue out of that.
So how can we know that price is going to continue out of this? Well, we're just going
to sit and watch and wait for these confluences to get filled and then be sitting on the one minute
timeframe to see price start rotating back down. So we'll play it and boom, just like that.
So we can see right here, we come up into five minute equilibrium. And then what is the
first confirmation confluence that we get out of that? We get an inverse for value gap. Beautiful.
We can go ahead and put a short position on there. We can put our stops above these highs right here,
and then we can go ahead and target what the other lows in the opposite direction.
Okay. Cause again, one minute confirmation confluence. We waited for an inverse for value
gap that time. Then what do we do? We enter, we target the other draws on liquidity in our
direction. Okay. So we have boom London session lows right here. We have whatever these were
previous or sorry, these were London session lows. These were 30 minute lows. And then we have previous
lows all the way down here for a one to 7.36 risk reward ratio. Let's see what ends up happening
here. Boom. Take profit. One gets hit. We can go ahead and move stop loss to break even take
partial profits off at take profit. One boom, take profit two and three final take profit gets
hit for a one to seven risk reward ratio. Just like that. Following the exact strategy that I
just laid out for you guys. And I just chose a random fucking day, just shows a random fucking
day and just went through the strategy step-by-step showing you guys exactly how, how it
works. Like what else do you need to see? What else do you need to see? Literally copy,
paste this, put this on your fucking, put this on your fucking computer, follow this step-by-step
with discipline and consistency. And without a doubt in my fucking mind, as long as you guys
are marking out these confluences correctly, you guys are going to find success in the market.
I can't, I can't make any promises. I'm not a financial advisor by any means, but this has,
this has worked for me. Okay. And it's worked for a lot of other people. So cool. Let me copy this
and let's do it all over again. Let's find another random day. Let's do Friday again. I,
I didn't trade on Friday this the 17th. I don't think so. We'll see what happens.
Let's go ahead and let's mark out our highs and lows. So on the four hour, we have four hour
lows right here for our highs right here for our highs right here on the one hour. We have one
hour highs right here on our highs right here, one hour highs right here. One hour lows right
here. And then let's go ahead and mark out our session highs and lows, boom. These are
London lows. These are London highs. We have another 30 minute high right here. Okay. Let's
do the same thing here on NASDAQ.
just going to speed run this we have highs right here highs right here four hour highs up here
london and hourly lows down here another low right here but let's do it so first thing that we're
going to want to do let's get into it step number one we're looking for one hour four hour session
highs session lows okay so there's lots of things that we have right here we have these highs right
here but these got taken out during pre-market and there wasn't really any reaction off of that so
we're going to take those off on nasdaq let's see same situation here really not much we have these
lows really not much we have these london highs right here cool so and then let me make sure i put
all these four hour lows as well cool so if we're looking at this we have a couple options this is
actually a a good example of how sometimes your buys can be conflicted but price action is going
to actually show you the right direction that you're going to want to be favoring for the day
okay so let's get into this we're looking
for a one hour four hour session highs and session lows well we can see that during london session we
come down and we sweep out these high time frame four hour lows and then we get a reversal okay so
in the back of our head we can say okay we potentially have a high time frame sweep and a
five minute confirmation confluence out of this so we could be looking for a new york continuation
out of this and we could be looking for 2b to happen right but so that that's the first thing
that's going to be in our in our minds the same thing happened on the s p 500 i can show show you
it right here it came down and we saw
swept out we swept out these four hour lows boom high time frame liquidity sweep high time frame
confirmation confluence we get the five minute break of structure right here and then boom we
end up moving up right so that's the first thing that's in our head but what do we see
right when market opens what do we do we come up and we sweep out london session highs so now
you're saying okay well we got this and then a change in direction but then we also got this
and then a change in direction right here so we got a break structure to the downside well the
nice thing about this is we can just see and wait for each one to play out so let's just sit here
real quick okay let's say we have this one in the back of our head four hour sweep five minute
break of structure okay we could potentially be saying one is checked off two is checked off
two b we're waiting for a potential five minute liquidity sweep but then let's say we get
distracted market opens we sweep out london session highs and then we break structure to
the downside so we say okay we swept out london session highs and we got the five minute
confirmation confluence so what are we on we're on step three and this happened during market open
so we're on step three for shorts so all you can do is just say awesome what are we waiting
for for step three we're waiting for equilibrium or a fair value gap or if 2b happens in an smt
divergence but 2b didn't happen at least for the bearish case okay so we're not able to use a
smt divergence so if we're bearish because we got the sweep in the break of structure
then what can we look for we can look for equilibrium or a fair value gap and there's
no bearish for value gaps here so we're looking for equilibrium awesome okay price comes up into
equilibrium we're looking for shorts right this is what tjr strategy said we're looking for shorts
price comes into equilibrium okay we're looking for a break of structure to the downside oh wait
it's going higher it's going higher and we close above equilibrium oh so that invalidates step
number three maybe we should take a re-look at our steps and see what's going on here one hour
high check five minute confirmation confluence we broke structure to the downside on the five minute
right here step number three we're looking for continual
confirmation confluence and okay let's reevaluate them let's go back to what we had to keep in mind
before market opened four hour sweep five minute confirmation confluence the sweep happened before
market opened so we need to wait for 2b if this could potentially be bullish and at this point in
time you're probably thinking yo the bearish trade didn't play out and now it's getting late
during the day it's ever it's around 9 50. trade's about to move without me so you can
reevaluate yourself you say okay well step number one got hit step number two got hit
hit we need to be oh would you look at that when market opened yes we did sweep out these highs
but we saw that the bearish bias was invalidated because we closed above these heights but what do
we also notice on the five minute time frame this is also technically a five minute manipulation of
these lows we see the five minute manipulation of these lows and then we see a break of structure
to the upside on the five minute we get step one over here we get a five minute confirmation
pattern here so however many times we go the first timeframe if we go there's only one very
concentration of the four minute time frame we might notice that it's what happened during
pre-market so we see a market open sweep and then we get a break free structure of the upside then
what we're looking for number three five-minute continuation confluence well we can look for
equilibrium that gets hit we can look for a fair value gap do we have any fair value gaps no we
only have equilibrium equilibrium gets hit when equilibrium gets hit what do we do scale down
to the one minute time frame and we can sit watch and wait we're waiting for one minute breaker
structure one minute inverse for value gap okay the gap that we would need to inverse is all the way up
reverse is all the way up here do we inverse it on that first move up no we have just one minute
we don't and we're looking for this high to get close above do we end up closing above it and
we're looking for this high to get close above do we close above it and we're looking for this
high to get close above do we close above it finally yes boom long stops under here and then
what i actually ended up doing i actually did i do remember this day because i took this same
exact trade and you guys can fact check it by looking at the trade recap oh i actually took
it on nasdaq whoops well whatever we can target some of these five minute highs on the way up
unfortunately on the s&p 500 you would have got stopped out on this i took the trade on nasdaq
i didn't get stopped out but this is a this is a good example of us following our strategy and then
boom us us getting stopped out and that's something that you guys need to understand
i'm completely completely fine showing something like this not only because i took a winning trade
on this day and i'm going to show you guys the winning trade on nasdaq but also because what
are strategies built built for us to do and this is what i want to cover in this video as well
strategies just give us a high probability of predicting where price wants to go and that's
what you're going to see in this video and that's what you're going to see in this video
trading is all about trading is about getting into the markets and predicting with high
probability of where price wants to go every single day okay does it mean you're going to
have a 100 win rate no does it mean that there's going to be losses involved yes that's what a high
probability means a high probability means you have a high percentage of winning but also there
is a chance of losing on this day we executed our strategy to a fucking t and you would have lost on
the s&p 500 okay you would have lost on es okay but if you took the trade on nasdaq you would
have won we can go over it super quick
but there you go so same exact thing boom high time frame sweep change in direction
market opens the high time frame sweep happened during pre-market we need to wait for 2b 2b happens
we get a break of structure the upside that's why i was looking for a gap because i remember
there being a fair value gap on nasdaq boom we fill in the fair value gap on the one minute
time frame there is an entry within here we can show it to you it's the same entry boom long
stops and i actually ended up just taking full take profit right here and i think it was a
just because i had to go to the airport but regardless one to one point three nine risk to
reward ratio again high probability just showed you guys two back-to-back trading days following
the exact strategy that is written out going step by step exactly like literally you guys just copy
it copy and paste it follow the steps with consistency and discipline don't let your
emotions get get the best of you and just follow that step by step and like probability will just
take you there probability will take you there bro you guys will come across videos like this
and you guys will be like oh my god this strategy is supposed to be 100
ring okay and then you guys take a trade using this strategy tomorrow and then you guys lose
and then you guys are like well this is a scam dude you took one singular trade that's
a small ass sample size i just showed you my tradezella dashboard over the course of 56 trades
and it's pretty freaking profitable okay and that's just 56 trading days okay imagine what
happens when we extend that even better so again i just showed you three examples following it step
by step there's two wins one loss and it was over the course of two days and if you took the trade
on nasdaq then you would have won if you took the trade on nasdaq then you would have won
that day um if you took the trade on es then you would have lost on this day but again that's part
of that's part of trading and that's part of probability that strategies give you and that's
the last thing that i want to talk about in this video is it's something that's taken from mark
douglas's trading in the zone which is a great book that you guys should for sure go over and
this is something that i'm actually going to be covering super in depth when it comes to psychology
and handling your emotions in my three-day live event if you guys haven't signed up for the
this i highly advise you guys to do it because i'm going to
be going way way way more in depth on every single one of my confluences way more trade recaps like
this going over my strategy in depth you guys are going to be able to ask me questions we're going
to be going over mindset mastery covering your psychology how to manage your guys risk management
to maximize your wins minimize your losses and all of that's going to be over the course of a
three-day live event that i'm doing i've never done something like this before i'll leave a link
in the description for you guys to sign up to it honestly like i've been preparing for this
for the past three months now i've been preparing for this for the past three months now and i'm
this is going to be the best content that i've ever put out like on trading that i've ever done
it's going to be the most comprehensive again i'm going to be doing it live in front of you guys for
multiple hours every single day so i highly advise you guys to sign up to that it's happening on
november 8th 9th and 10th okay really really recommend you guys to do that i'll leave a link
in the description for you guys to sign up to that three-day live event this is just like a glimpse
of some of the things that i'm going to be covering like when it comes to strategy
again i'm going to be going way way way more in depth like the first day i'll
probably be on zoom with you guys live for around like five to six hours i know that sounds crazy
i'm going to have to just rip caffeine and be like super dialed in be on top of it maybe have
to go to the bathroom in the middle of it but i'm telling you guys it's going to be great and
if you guys want to accelerate your guys's trading and really put yourselves in a position to win
going into 2026 that's going to be a great way for you guys to start it and i wouldn't you
guys okay i'm not trying to have you guys going by my freaking course okay this is like literally
just a three-day live event it's going to go over a whole bunch of content for you guys
that's going to put you guys in a position to win now going back to the psychology portion this is
something that i've taken away from trading the zone by mark douglas and something that he says
is your strategy just gives you a probability against the market so this is what i was talking
about before all that our strategy does is our strategy a 100 win rate every single day no
sometimes our strategy doesn't give us trades and that's actually a drop in the probability bucket
for us to stay more probable within these markets because if we follow our strategy step by step but
there's no entry to take or the strategy says like hey x x x x x okay there's nothing that's
popping up for us to be able to get to the point of entering then there's no trade for us to take
that day and then awesome that's going to give us probability when our strategy says to execute
awesome we execute without hesitation with pure confidence because we know that this strategy
gives us high probabilities within the market and on the flip side we don't get upset when we
take losses why because we know that losses are a part of the strategy well you're probably saying
well because nobody's strategy has a 100 win rate they're lying to you if they say that
they're completely lying to you if they say that oh their strategy has a 100 100 win rate
our strategy just gives us a high probability of winning in the markets we can think of our
our strategy as a safety net or a safeguard to these highly volatile and these dangerous markets
where a lot of people lose money so what does our strategy do it actually protects us from
the market and it sets us up to only be able to execute when price is moving in our favor again
it's a very non-profit policy and it's very low on it's very high on the market we can't
just keep the price going and we can't let the market go up or down we can't just do all of these
things we can't keep on extending the market now you can't plan on having the market go up or down
we can't do any of this but if we just keep the price going and we keep on waiting for the market
to start to go up and down and moving about it will still get us where we want to go we are
going to be not how the market was going to be but we are going to be able to make a difference
in the future when we can we can really see what happens on the market over time it doesn't just
happen in the first place right now when you start to push it too hard you can't see it
doesn't mean that it's a 100% win rate. And that means that losses are involved. So that S&P 500
loss that we took, and I'm glad that we took it. And I'm glad that I could show an example of this
so I can cover this concept in this video. That is required. That is part of the strategy. Losses
are required. We go to the TradeZilla dashboard. You can see that there are losses. My wins are
more than my losses. I have a higher probability of winning. I have a higher probability of making
more money than losing money, but it still happens. And if you guys can't understand that
when it comes to strategy, then you guys are forever going to suffer in these markets because
you guys are forever going to be looking and seeking for something that doesn't exist. You
guys are forever going to be looking for some sort of 100% win rate strategy. You're going to move
on to another strategy because you think, oh, this strategy doesn't work because I lost a couple
trades. That's what it's about. Strategies just help us have a higher odds in this dangerous
market. So if you can't handle a loss, then trading is not for you. And that's the thing
that I want to leave you guys with. Hopefully you guys appreciated this video. If you guys
haven't already, sign up to the three-day live.
I'm going to go super in-depth on all of these confluences, strategy, mindset mastery. Again,
if you guys haven't learned about trading psychology, that little last piece was just
the tiniest glimpse of some of the things that I'm going to be going into. The psychology class
is going to take the entire day. It's going to be around three or four hours. I've been preparing
for this forever. So I really want you guys to appreciate it as much as I think it's going to
benefit you guys. So if you guys haven't already, sign up to that. I love and appreciate you guys.
Drop a sub if you haven't already. Peace out.


==============================
VIDEO 071 — Worlds BEST NQ Scalper Reveals His A+ Trading Strategy-HNuRp9Z1bMs
==============================

welcome everyone to chart fanatics the go-to channel for the most in-depth strategy and
concept breakdowns from the very best verified traders in the world and to kick this off there
is none other than the very best trader in the prop firm space and i would say generally speaking
too i don't know if you you'll take that but i'll throw it in there anyway but he has the record
for the largest payout in prop firm history with a total in payouts of 2.3 over 2.3 million dollars
and not only that just to top it off if that wasn't good enough in december he took 130 000
dollars to over 1.4 million dollars in roughly about a month absolutely incredible and you
probably already know who it is it is the founder of the lab trader kane appreciate you man well
another amazing intro
yeah
, so you really went out all out there so well we're very excited kane because this is a new
concept yeah that we're very proud of and i know that we're gonna you know really provide so much
value to the trading audience and the community generally and we're gonna go into your strategy
that yeah basically you're using to achieve those payouts achieve the results yeah and uh where
where should we begin i have a relatively basic strategy i i think from a high level perspective
i always want to see price rebalance into 50 of the range and then continue
with the trend right and i built a model around that main thing that i consistently talk about is
the daily and the hourly and h4po3 and it's just i think we should really dig into that today because
i think that's where a lot of people go wrong they really marry daily buy a so i want to see
price trade here but actually i'm more of a i want to see price trade from here to here if price
doesn't get to where i want it to go and i don't engage and i'll just trade the other way in the
coming days weeks months yeah i think we should should really really go over that so straight into
yeah so i think every single day when i approach the chart i i am looking for price to i guess
manipulate right so if we have if let's just say the daily open is here and i i want to see price
trade higher to trade lower i have two options right i can either wait for price to trade lower
with my draw being higher and then look for various different things right a change state
delivery an inversion i'm saying all of these words that everybody is familiar with right
but typically what i look for is i look for this and then a much higher range and then there is
around 50 obviously this is wildly inaccurate because 50 would be here but it doesn't look as
great what i'm looking for is i'm looking for price to trade into around 50 and then trade into
50 of this range because i don't need a big move i just need to grab that base hit every single day
and then i'm done i move on and if you know i take a couple of stabs
at this and if i'm wrong i'm wrong that's okay i'm you know i'm wrong sometimes and that's that's
fine but i i really really try to instill into everybody that all i need to do is wait for
price to trade into and we'll draw it out right is let's just say more recently we use recent
price action price is tumbling yeah all i want to see is price trade into 50 of the range here
and then 50 of this range yeah and all i want is this move right here because at that point
even though the trend is this is the trend if this is going to continue to here great if it's not
it's most likely going to reverse from here yeah yeah so all i need is this move right here i don't
need to trade from here to here because this is a risky move yeah you know and i don't need to try
to grab this because this is fighting the overall downtrend that we're currently in yeah yeah so i
only need to do that so how do i do that right um and what do i look for because obviously it's all
well and good just saying i'm looking for 50 of the range and you're only trading nasdaq yeah i'm
only trading nasdaq obviously i look at um i look at uh the sp100 es for for divergence but we'll
get into that right we can take uh the price action of recent as as a good example right
let's just say that we're looking at the price action of recent and we're looking at the price
the the daily chart looks like this right um uh yeah and then this one looks like this
and then this is the daily open that we're currently in okay right all i want to see
is price either trade and this is obviously just a daily chart is i want to see price trade into
this high which roughly is around 50 of the range yeah right so all i'm looking for is i'm either
looking for price action or price action and i'm either looking for price action or price action
to trade below this low and i can look to trade at some sort of reversal that is a lot of a much
more risky trade because it's fighting the overall trend yeah or i wait for price to
manipulate at a significant time point and then i'm trading from here to here yeah yeah it's just
this tiny little move that i want why would i look at it like we can just rub this out yeah
so this is the daily time frame right yeah this is the daily time frame sorry you do the you do the
text okay so what would i when i approach the chart i would always look at the the daily candle
forming with a wick above this area okay right if if this is going to continue typically we
continue from previous day highs etc etc right so i would always anticipate that this daily candle
is going to form not like that it's going to form and it's going to form and it's going to form and
like this and it may end up looking like that it may go all the way off the table right are you
identifying fair value gap or is that not really is that just an added confluence and you're more
focused on the yeah i mean this is this would definitely like if there's an imbalance there
in price ie the delivery is so one-sided then yeah i want to see the delivery rebalance 100
100 it's the daily high yeah right i don't care if this wick comes all the way down here
and there's no high here i would still frame this as my version of manipulation
right we manipulate above the day the previous day high everybody that got short inside of this
move here and forgive me i do speak quite bearish terms quite a lot recently because i have been
quite bearish on the market so it's hard to just suddenly speak more bullish so everybody that got
short in this this candle from previous day that is swinging that swing trading etc etc yeah when
we get a daily coat close here the one thing they don't want to see is us trade into this high yeah
so the amount of orders that are being stopped at this point
these will be your stop losses yeah they would be my stop losses yeah
i'm anticipating that are getting run yeah obviously there are some days that this just
never happens right and this wick looks like this and we trade like that and that's fine there are
obviously other confluences that i look for in this area but this is just like you say the daily
time frame right now right i combine the daily time frame with the the h4 and then from a
really from a like a very micro time frame it's the the h1 for where i want to see all of those
time frames align and once they align we then obviously look for entries right yes and at that
point so i'm anticipating daily po3 h4 po3 h1 po3 and then i'm once these are triggered yeah
i'm looking at this po3 would be power of three so accumulation accumulation manipulation yeah
distribution and so
let's just let's just take this and simplify this for a lot of people right because some people
there are multiple different ways that it's done where's the black pen hey guys just a very very
quick one if you're enjoying this playbook and you want to get it sent directly to you
make sure to go on chartfanatics.com put your email in and every episode we drop we will send
you a direct pdf breaking down this exact playbook or alternatively also the playbooks
will be put all together with the rules over on our website so if you're interested in that
that is an incredible collaboration so if you want to actually add the playbook to your trade
zella make sure you go check that out as well but let's get back into this episode okay so some
people support resistance traders some people are range traders etc etc so when when we get
price typically trade within a range like this this is just a low this is just a high yeah
typically i'm i really subscribe to market maker theory right so at this point
is where 90 of people get trapped and they're like this is a retest of the the trend of the
range and we take a long right that's that break and retest i don't i'm not a breakout trader so i
would never ever look for that i would actually frame this as some sort of manipulation back
inside of the the existing accumulation yeah so then where's the green pen you got it there you
go and then i would look for this to be distribution to there yeah so if we then
visualize that as your accumulation
this is distribution we've got all the pens that's it and this is manipulation
right how can i frame my daily candle within this perspective yeah i'm looking for the
manipulation to trade into an existing high so if we use the blue this is the opening price
so this is the
candle at this point this daily candle looks like this yeah yeah and i want to i want to trade
the wick of this candle yeah and then we fractalize this right and fractalizing just means
applying the logic to a different time frame yeah is we then look for this on a h4
yeah so around those speaking est times here around 6 10 typically 10 is where i'm looking
for i'm looking for 10 a.m to manipulate higher yeah and then trade lower that's where if you're
looking at the h4 that's where you'll notice some candles next to each other that's the range
yeah and that as you say that 10 a.m one you want that wick above taking out those prior wicks that
would be taking out those prior lows yeah that is my vote that's my manipulation so everybody will
always tell me 10 a.m reversal doesn't work fine then don't trade it um but it's typically the
time frame that i like to trade the most so that's where i'm most active in the chart nine
around 9 15
to around 11 30 est because it has that 9 30 liquidity injection so it's most volatile you
can grab a quick move and then at 10 a.m it's most likely going to manipulate above the previous
nine hour high yeah trade back into around the 10 a.m open statistically reverse i believe it does
some people don't believe it doesn't but ultimately by this logic if i'm trading here and this is the
premium discount that i want i actually only care for this move yeah i don't care about this right
i actually don't care
if we distribute i just want to trade the manipulation into back into the range because
if it is going to continue i don't want to be caught in it and if i'm expecting bearish price
i will just as soon as we sweep into this i will just trail my stop to break it to just under break
even so that i'm i'm not losing any money due to fees etc etc so we fractalize that onto a h4 we
add in the h1 and when all of the time frames do something like this and they manipulate yeah as
soon as we get that sweep so say this is um
so say this is nine p uh 9 a.m sorry not p.m this is 9 a.m and this is where 10 a.m opens yeah
i want to see 10 a.m open sweep above the high and once this candle flips bearish i don't want
to see it continue and and suddenly become bullish again so at that point this would be my
logical area to get break even or whatever and i would look for some sort of reversal in and around
this area and again we can get into that in a minute
around around around actually the entry model but that is have charts as well to go yeah yeah we
have we have a bunch yeah so um and that is typically what i i look for on a a daily once
that that daily profile wherever i want to see price trade into yeah is hit i will then do the
exact same thing on the h4 and typically when the h4 and the h1 aligns around that 9 10 a.m
they will typically both hit the same point that i want it to go to and then i'll wait for that
breakdown obviously i'm not just like oh we traded above the high i'm i'm sure or i'm not or we trade
above the below the low and i'm long it's like confirmation of course those layers that creates
your high probable scenario correct yeah and that's what i'm always waiting for the reality of
this is the um i guess the pros of it are once when it plays out typically this move can be quite
quick especially to the downside and well actually on the upside once it really hits that level that
we want because if you were looking at the upside it would just be the exact same just yeah we just
turn the chart around
yeah
literally we just flip it the other way yeah um and it would just be going up like i said
as of recent times we have begun now quite a lot i'm staying with the trend like i said i want to
see price re-deliver into that equilibrium that 50 of the range whatever the premium discount you
name it whatever it is and then once we hit that i want to see it continue with the trend wait for
that confirmation the pros of that are you can really catch like the highs and lows of the day
yes and you know you can grab that move and it can be very quick and you're in and out the cons of it
are you are trading a reversal it's risky yeah right you are trading against current order flow
you are waiting for confirmations but ultimately this is a riskier model which is why um for those
that know me i am very very fond of breakeven trades like i love as soon as i'm in this trade
here let's just say i'm risking 1k dollars right the moment that i can claw this back
is a win for me yeah because in my head i just lost 1k and if i can get breakeven here and i'm
and i'm suddenly break even i no longer i'm down 1k in my head and then if suddenly i'm up 1k or
i'm up 2k or i'm up 3k it's a win at that point at this point i'm now in my head i'm up 1k i'm
actually up 2k because i risk 1k you know and that for me is the the real differentiator between
a lot of people a lot of people only see the reward and don't focus on the risk
i really emphasize the risk and get break even when i'm like either my intuition's like this
doesn't look good because that is also a real thing um but also the model is like okay hourly
low 15 minute low we're now reclaiming okay i don't want to see that trade back into the open
i don't want to see that higher time frame candle yeah flip bullish after we trade after that candle
flips bearish and we take out the high because statistically if it does i'm i'm wrong right
and that's just technically that this process of the po3 or the amd
is the only way to do it and i think that's the only way to do it and i think that's the only way
is then almost cancelled out in a sense because the manipulation didn't manipulate yeah most
likely you can then obviously look back and this is just how how it works is like most likely this
is some sort of manipulation you know like on a lower time frame i don't really look for time
frames lower than this for the for the amd yeah i always just want to see you know from that from
a daily time frame this is the wick from a h4 time frame this is the wick and then an hourly
time frame this is the wick i use that to like
you know i use that to like
section off this area as me wanting to to get um to get short in so like i wait for that daily
level to hit great and then wait for the h4 level to hit and i wait for the hourly level to hit
and this is the area that i want to get short in this case uh if you get to the 50 of the range
that's your you know original target yep what is it that you look for if ever if in terms of
holding longer is there anything in particular or is it more so just momentum on the day is
anything that sort of stands out to you it depends really i really adopted this
as like a take my trade get out of the market be done for the day and i really do adopt that
mindset i think the reality is is once you start to trade bigger size you realize that like leaving
this move to here is 20k but this move to here is 100k you do start to kick yourself a little bit
because we're humans and we have emotions and it's like wow i could take five of these trades
or i could have just held this one statistically i've also like held trades out to lows of day
and then got front run and i'm like round tripping my trade yeah so like
over time i've just realized that statistically if we're going to return it's 50 if we blast
through it then i'll just i'll put my stop loss at 50 that was what i was going to take for the day
and if if it runs into this extreme great you know but you can't you can't play for those two
percent those minus two percent or plus two percent days yeah because okay it's great that
we've had a week and a half of back to back minus one minus two percent days but it's very very you
can't play for those extremes plus 0.7 days or a minus three 0.3 day it's like if you play for
those extremes every single day yeah you are going to get chopped up if you play for the range every
day you're going to get your base here most of the time maybe not every day every other day maybe
three days out of five maybe four days out of five um but technically this is the area that price
trades the reverses from the most um but that does like i said doesn't mean that i don't sometimes
stay in for here and trail this aggressively when we have those you know monstrous drops
because someone speaks about tariffs or you know suddenly china decide to return tariffs and we
drop a percent on nq it's like okay well this is going to continue yeah it should just fall
through here i can just trail my stop loss to here and if it comes back i'm wrong and sometimes
that stops me out and then dies sometimes it stops me out and then rallies i'm i don't get to control
that so all i can control is okay i've made this much money i'm locking that in whatever happens
happens if we continue we continue i'll just consistently look to trail that yeah or
yeah
i'm happy with that and i'll come look at this at four o'clock when the market's about to close and
i'll see where we are yeah you know it's i'm a big believer and you know advocate of everybody
wants to be a trader to work less yes sits their charts for 13 hours a day and it's like and
they're working more yeah actually you're working more losing more and it's just mentally exhausting
yeah you know um so yeah so that's kind of what i look for like i said there are pros and cons to
it the cons are that it is a risky yeah it's a risky setup and it requires a lot of patience
and that is probably the number one thing that 95 of people really really lack in this market they
open the chart as soon as they wake up that's right and yeah 100 like i think not only the
patience but because it's shorter term trading uh a lot of people assume that you don't need
the patience right because that's that's for swing traders that's for the position oh i wrote
this the wrong way it still requires patience to let as you say the model to play out and present
itself first let's take a break for a minute there guys because i want to tell you about our
preferred prop firm apex trader funding now apex is no stranger to the podcast or even chart
fanatics because we've done two incredible episode with two record holders in terms of trader cane
we've got a record payout at 2.3 million dollars at apex and then beating that record in the end
was jade cap aka kyle who also then has a record payout now of over 2.5 million dollars in a single
payout with apex and that really just shows you that there's a lot of people who are really
gegangen when they're in the eye of the entrepreneur perspective and so we just want RetailerBiz
to know you're really gonna do a great job with this trader funding but what traders say let's
start with the three key categories the three key categories are you ready for a trade the
trade option the one that the market is looking for is the infinite possibilities you can achieve
at apex trader funding now what traders love about apex is that you can get up to 20 accounts
so whether you get the 25k account ranging all the way up to the 300k account you can get 20 of
those so if it's 20 300k accounts that is six million in tradable capital which is absolutely
incredible not only that it's only a one phase evaluation there's no daily drawdown and up to 24
$5,000 per account is 100% yours. And after that, it's a 90% split in your favor. That's right. At
Apex, you can actually trade with Wealthcharts, Tradeovate and Ninja Trader. So you can choose
your favorite trading platform. And not only that, you will actually get real time data included
when purchasing your evaluation with Apex. What I personally love about Apex is that as long as
you're trading your day to day strategy, you don't have to worry about trading the news.
You can actually request your payouts every eight days and there's actually no cap to your max
payout, which really shows the infinite possibilities you can have at Apex. Thanks
to Chart Fanatics, you can get the best offer available at Apex. They are always running sales.
So make sure to use the code CF that will automatically give you the best offer available
at Apex. The link for Apex Trader funding is in the description below. So click that link,
use the code CF and you will get the best.
Offer available. Become an Apex Trader today. Now let's get back to the episode.
This is it's a riskier trade because it's a reversal and price typically as we can,
you know, open the NQ chart, you can see when it runs, it runs. We're up nearly 50% from COVID
lows, probably more actually. When it runs, it runs. And typically, if you try and catch a
reversal on a very bullish asset, historically, it's, you know, it's dumb. Many would argue at
least. It's risky.
It requires a lot of patience.
So would you say most of your trades, even though NQ has been quite bullish over the last year, you're still looking at
sales?
Yeah, I've been because ultimately, if price is going to continue higher, it really delivers into that's
where that 50% thing 100% even if it's going to go long, you're just getting that that base hit.
Yeah, and some days, like prices, you know, really overextended for like a week, and I will wait for it to come
down to that 50 around that 50%. And then I'll trade the reversal back into the 50% and then I'll trade the
reversal back into the 50% and then I'll trade the reversal back into the 50% and then I'll trade the reversal back into the
50% and then I'll trade the reversal back into the 50% and then I'll trade the reversal back into the 50% of the drop.
Okay, you know, I'm only basically trading 50% of the 50%. You know, I'm waiting for the higher timeframe
pullback. So that fractal nature, that fractal nature. Yeah. So it requires a lot of patience. It's
risky. And if managed correctly, you will have a lot of breakeven trades. Okay. And that is to combat this.
Yes. Yeah. Yes. That's the only reason and people would look at this as a negative thing, which is why I'm
putting it in the cons.
Well, I think it's important because a lot of people
would struggle with that. And if they're not, or at least if they're not mindful of it, they may not be as
aggressive with their breakeven as they should be. So they end up taking unnecessary loss after loss.
And in reality, if you manage aggressively as you're meant to, then that allows obviously for the pros to take
place afterwards.
Yeah, like, I really, you know, about four months ago, I heard Pax, a guy that traded the pits, obviously, he
said, you need to be right or right out. And I, I thought about it. I was like, that doesn't really make much
sense at the time. And I was like, well, actually, he's right. Like you, if you're wrong, you're wrong.
You need to be out of that trade as fast as you can. You don't want to be in it, or waiting or being emotional
about, oh, but I have a gut feel. The market doesn't care about your gut feel. It doesn't care what you think.
And you can do that over time. So I put this in the cons, but I would put a green bracket around this because I
actually think that this is most of the
Well, this is what makes it practical is by doing it aggressively. But it's just as you as you say, it's in the cons
because you need to be mindful of it. You have to know that that's something you have to accept. Yeah. And for
some people, it might be hard to accept. But that is
it's
so important.
People that don't do this correctly that pick up my model will consistently tell me the model is not profitable. Yes. Right.
And this is where it's like, the model is profitable. You're just not managing it correctly. Because you're not looking,
you're looking at all the reasons it could play out. And you're not looking at all the reasons it could not play out.
Yeah, you know, suddenly the this area of support over here, and we can rub this out. It's like, you're playing that
reversal, this area of support where price really like did this before going higher, you're trading the here. And then this
is, you know, 50% of this range.
Yeah, this low, and suddenly price picks back up. And you're like, well, that shouldn't play out. Well, actually, this area of support is just a basic support and resistance. And you could have been out of this trade, net zero. But a lot of people don't do that. And they're like, Oh, it didn't get married to the buyer. It didn't play out. It's wrong. The model doesn't work, etc, etc. So the pros of this, though, are you can catch high of the day high slash low of the day. Yeah. And you can really catch a monster trade if managed correctly. It is
highly profitable, because, but again, it comes back into this point, it's only profitable when the breakevens are managed, are managed correctly. And you are trading that unit, the pros are the higher timeframe alignment. And you can manage that you can really get into this trade on a very low timeframe. Yeah.
Time frame.
Would you class this strategy and what we've gone over as sort of rule based as well?
Yeah.
Yeah, there are rules to the there are definitely rules to the strategy.
How much would you say is in terms of mechanical versus discretion in this?
I think a robot could pick up the model. And with the right if I could really, if I sat down and wrote the logic out correctly, it could be quite mechanical.
The reality is, is that I think the discretion is my edge. Like that is just part of it, right?
And everybody that like I've ever taught or ever teach, the first thing I say to them is,
this is gonna really suck because I can't teach my intuition. And part of my edge is my intuition.
I can teach you the model and help you learn the intuition over times. But the only way you can do that is through the reps.
Yeah, reps is most important.
The reps.
One thing I will ask in terms of this model, is it purely obviously you're trading on NQ. But is have you had traders or anyone that you know, who's taken that model and used elsewhere as well?
I traded a Bitcoin short from 100k to literally to 80k for this exact.
So you could say I don't know if the right term is fractal, but it is something that can be applied elsewhere as well.
Multi asset, like because ultimately, I like I said, I subscribe to marketing.
I can make a theory, the market just across the board from a liquidity standpoint means the price should always be offered at fair value, which means it should be disputed into 50% of the range.
Yes.
And ultimately, that doesn't mean that price doesn't can't, can't just suddenly go 50% of the range, it could just trade all the way to very close to the new low and then redeliver into 50% of the range in this right and we've seen that, you know, like Euro, Euro USD, for example, it trades, you know, sits in this range forever breaks out, everyone's thinking it's going to the range low, and then it just returns to the range EQ.
Yeah.
Okay, what do you do, you just not sit in that trade and wait for the EQ, okay, you probably look for a fractal range inside of there that you then look to trade.
So the pros for me, right, are you can manage to train the trade on the it's basically multiple timeframe, this fractal, you can get into a low timeframe trade, there's a con to that is that it's more risky.
Yeah.
You can get into a higher timeframe trade, they're higher probability, but again, they're wider.
So they're more swing trades, right?
You can't trade them on more futures assets, it's more like low leverage products that you would look to trade.
So it's multiple, it's multiple timeframe.
So it suits both traders, some traders I get come to me and go, okay, I got a real job, I don't know, I can't be at the market all the time every day.
Well, the model works on a higher timeframe, I took a Bitcoin short based on the daily, literally the daily chart, I didn't look at anything else, just the daily chart.
And I took that and it ran minus 20%.
You know,
if you necessarily can't be active during that time window, because of the fractal nature of it is still not a problem.
Yeah.
You just take that viewpoint higher.
Yeah.
And therefore able to swing trade slash position trade.
Correct.
Yeah.
Ultimately, like I said, I subscribe to market making theory, I really believe that the market just delivers into 50% of ranges and and re delivers into a 50% of another range.
And sometimes that won't hold and it will just go lower.
And it's a higher timeframe range all the way on the left, right?
I built a model around just grabbing that 50% to 50%.
And that's all I need.
And if I do that on a lower timeframe, I can look for a trade most days.
Not every day is a trading day.
Of course.
Like everybody, I can look for that trade most days.
And if it's managed correctly, I will most likely get at minimum a breakeven trade or some sort of profit.
And if price is very, you know, I'm grabbing that reversal based on that confirmation price just reruns the high, it will be a loss.
But statistically over time is profitable.
And that's, you know, you only get that from doing the reps, like we said.
Yeah, I love that.
And in terms of off the back of that, what would you look for?
Entry wise?
Is that a confirmation based entry that you look for?
Yeah, so I look for, because I'm trading the indices, the indices are very, you know, they're very well aligned.
So if ES, let's just use ES for red, ES is red, NQ is green.
If NQ does this, right, ES should also do this, right?
They may not look completely like in terms of, you know, this one's a bit lower, but they took the same low.
For me, this is a well delivered market, right?
I don't like this.
I look for the divergences between the two because it shows relative weakness on a single asset, right?
Okay.
So, and we can go, I can actually show you an example about this.
I can show you the exact example and we'll draw the entire chart.
Is the NQ rallied, again, this is say this is 9am, this is 10.
Yeah.
And then trades lower, trades higher, and then does this.
Okay.
And then trades into around 50% of that range.
Okay.
But at this specific point, ES does this.
Okay.
So ES runs this existing high.
So then that happening, that divergence is then telling you the weakness on NQ is much stronger than ES at that time.
Yeah.
So I care more about this chart from a volume perspective because this chart has the most volume.
Okay.
It's the most traded asset in the world other than bonds.
Right?
So if this is going to just do this, it can do that.
And this could just do this as well.
Right?
It's getting very crowded.
I love it.
So it could just do that.
My validation for this is that.
Why?
Because this shouldn't then go on to break this high.
Yeah.
This should continue below here.
Okay.
Right?
And this is what I'm looking for.
Again, 50% of this around there.
Yeah.
Right?
I'm looking for that.
And then I'm looking for a breakdown in and around this area.
Okay.
More so this area because it's the wick on the hourly timeframe.
Yeah.
I want to be positioned in this wick.
Well, obviously this doesn't look like that, but you get the point.
Right?
I want to be positioned in here in any capacity.
So with that in mind, I more or less just look for an imbalance in here that has impulsed
higher.
Right?
And then I want to look for an entry once this SMT divergence, again, call it what you
want.
It's just a cracking correlation.
Trades below this level, I will either limit a re-tap into this area or I'll sell stop
this with my invalidation here targeting 50% of this.
Yes.
There are other things that I use to have higher timeframe targets or actually we're
most likely to trade into the low.
But the basis of what I teach is this.
Yes.
Right?
Because like I keep saying, you only need this move from here to here.
You don't need from here to here.
Yeah.
You don't need that.
And most of the time, this is just a motion hoping this plays out.
You know?
It doesn't have the logic of it continuing higher.
And like I said, we'll keep saying it.
Everybody will look at why it wants to play out over here and not look at this as the
reason why it won't play out.
So yeah.
So ultimately, just to confirm, right?
Divergence, a weakness in market structure.
Yeah.
In this example, it's an inversion.
Yeah.
And an inversion is just a previous gap that should be used as support.
Gets traded below.
And used as resistance.
And used as resistance.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then just this is basically everything.
Higher timeframe premium discount.
That H4PO3.
So higher timeframe PO3.
Yeah.
So in this instance, it would be the daily plus the H4.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then at that point, my trade would be entry at inversion.
Oh, my handwriting's awful.
No, it's great.
At inversion.
And then my stop loss.
Oh, that was awful.
Divergence.
Yeah.
Divergence.
And then my TP is just.
50%.
50%.
Love that.
Would you say, maybe not a con, but something to be aware of,
do you think it takes certain adjustments for some people
if they haven't been maybe utilizing the fractal nature of the markets
and that higher time frame sort of viewpoint?
So, for example, in this case, the PO3 from daily four-hour,
obviously still looking at POV, POV, PO3, sorry, for the H1.
Yep.
Do you feel like sometimes people have to get used to
being able to see the market in that way
by still keeping in mind the daily when they're on the H1, for example,
and the four-hour?
Yeah, I always advise people to, if you had to tell me right now
where you want to see price manipulate into on the daily chart,
where would that be?
Mark it out.
Just create a little box.
Now do the H4, now do the H1,
and now just create a box where they all align
and figure out that that's where you want to see it manipulate.
You need logic for doing that.
The logic for me is the range, right, that range.
And it's understanding there are obviously,
there are some other confluences, like I say,
that I use.
I use to say, okay, we might trade a little bit further
than the 50% of the range.
It might be 60%.
It might be 58%.
I don't look at it in that way.
It's just 50%, 0, 100.
Once we're above 50, I'm looking at that breakdown from there
because that's where I'm looking at that.
And then I fractalize that from a,
okay, if the H4 candle frames in here,
I want to see a push above the previous H4 candle.
And that H4 candle has four one-hour candles.
So I want to wait for that push above and that breakdown.
So then you're trading the H1, PO3 inside of a H4, PO3
inside of a daily.
And if you combine them, you can get much larger targets.
Why?
Because the daily PO3 should technically,
that's the high of the day.
It should technically go to the low.
But for most people, this is enough.
If you want to swing trade and do all of that,
you have to really, really understand the PO3 fractality
very well.
Do you feel like the best way to start
is to start with the base hit over time,
build that confidence with that base hit,
get the results with that base hit.
As you're doing so, you will start to pick up
on more of that higher target.
You will start to pick up on when does price actually
play out for the higher time frame over time.
But what a lot of people unfortunately do
is just try and focus on this straight away
before they've even got the base hit.
Look, I'm a big believer in base hits, right?
Base hits have made me millions of dollars in the market.
And like I say, if managed correctly,
you can really avoid a lot of silly losses
and get breakeven days, maybe a little bit positive days,
which for a lot of people still hits your daily requirement
for most prop firms for payouts.
Everyone would like to trade
the high and the low of the candle.
If you could do that, you would be a trillionaire, right?
So the reality is you can't do that.
And you may catch it once in a blue moon
or once a month or twice a week.
I don't know, or not twice a week, twice a month.
You know, twice a week, you're probably still a billionaire.
You may be able to do that.
But over time, if you consistently look for that,
you'll take a lot of losers.
So it's better to have a set of rules that say,
this is where I want to see price trade to.
And if price is really, you know, moving or,
hey, the volume is insane here.
Hey, trail your stop loss, move your TP target to the extreme
and aggressively trail that stop loss.
And who knows, you might get 20, 30% more profit.
But don't be upset that it didn't hit the extreme
because it's still past your POI that you should be out at.
Yeah.
And that's your line in the sand.
We go there for any reason you're out.
You want to see it really fall through.
Again, to quote Pax, you want to be right or right out.
Yeah.
So, but yeah, this is what I look for.
And then, like I say, you fractalize this.
And say this is the, you know, this is the daily open.
You just imagine that the H4 opens the same way.
You want to see the exact same thing.
The hourly opens the same way.
You want to see the exact same thing trading above that previous hour,
that previous day, that previous four-hour candle.
Because when they all align and it's the four-hour wick
inside of a daily wick inside of an hourly wick,
when that next hourly candle opens, bang, it will just fly.
So, yeah.
Let's take a break for a minute there, guys.
Because I want to tell you about our incredible sponsor, TradeZella.
TradeZella is the number one trading tool in the entire trading industry.
TradeZella allows you to become a more profitable trader,
allows you to make immense progress as a trader,
no matter if you're a beginner or an advanced level trader,
because it makes journaling easy.
It makes journaling something that is fun and enjoyable
and something that is interactive.
So, no matter if you're a crypto trader,
no matter if you're a futures trader,
no matter if you're a Forex trader,
no matter if you're a stock trader,
all you have to do is select your broker,
your platform of choice,
and connect it to TradeZella,
and it will automatically sync your trades
and pull all of that data onto the dashboard,
making journaling and finding your edge
and adapting your edge so easy.
In collaboration with TradeZella and Chart Fanatic specifically,
we are actually getting the playbooks from the episodes
that we're filming with these incredible verified traders
and adding them as playbooks onto TradeZella.
So, you can actually go on there and see the rule sets already predefined.
So, make sure you check that out as well.
Now, you can actually get 10% off your monthly subscription
using CF10 on TradeZella right now.
But more importantly, I would say CF20,
for 20% off your yearly subscription with TradeZella.
The links for TradeZella are in the description below,
so make sure you go check them out.
Use CF20, get 20% off your yearly subscription,
become a better trader today.
Now, let's get back to the episode.
Love that.
Well, let's take a look at the charts now.
Now that we've done all the visuals and explainer,
I'm sure people are excited for that.
We're in the chart now.
When I approach the chart,
I will go on the daily timeframe,
like we just discussed,
that daily fractal PO3.
I will mark out the current high, the current low.
I will see that since trading into this low,
we've failed to trade into 50% of this existing range.
Yeah.
And then from a...
Again, a much, much higher timeframe perspective.
Sorry.
This is the high.
Yeah.
There is...
No, leave it.
We are currently in a much higher timeframe, 50%.
Yep.
So right now, typically,
I am looking for some sort of reversal from here up to here.
So from now, taking off the whiteboard onto the chart,
overall,
I'm waiting for some sort of reversal characteristic
on a daily timeframe to then have my bias
that we're looking to trade up into that area, right?
Let's take these drawings off.
So now we just drop down to the H4, right?
And we'll go over a trade example from yesterday, right?
So if I just replay this to yesterday,
so Thursday, 10 a.m.,
we'll do it from Thursday.
This is Wednesday.
So we can just leave it on Wednesday, right?
Wednesday, 2 o'clock.
I would then go to that 4-hour,
and then I would mark out this made a high.
So if we were to mark out all of the 4-hours from the drop, right?
Yeah.
This was how it happened.
We didn't fail to distribute into EQ.
We then make a new low.
So this then just becomes this.
We failed to distribute into EQ, so this becomes a new low.
So you can see that we've built up an engineered liquidity
around that resting EQ now, yeah?
So this is the overall 4-hour range, that daily range, sorry.
So from that 4-hour perspective, when we make a new low,
when we consistently do this and we just make a high, make a low,
make a high, make a low,
what it's delivering in is to 50% of this.
Yes.
Yeah?
So if we just go ahead and mark those out, right?
So from this, we should put the magnet back on.
If we deliver from here to here, you'll notice 50%,
some sort of higher time frame sweep, that 4-hour PO3 is in here.
Yeah.
You can see that with the 4-hour candles next to it,
sort of the range, then the wick, and then obviously the manipulation,
the distribution.
If we just drag this to the side, everything we just discussed is in here.
That 4-hour, that high, that low, 50% of the range, 4-hour PO3,
and then if we fractalize that, again, H1,
I want to trade in here.
Oh, and look.
I have an indicator that automatically prints S&T, so...
There's your divergence.
There's my divergence.
So at that point, I'm looking to trade this.
This is on Monday, actually.
So, again...
Before you even got it.
And I'm just using, I'm just, immediately, I've just jumped to that,
just from drawing this premium discount range.
It's not even the trade we're going to show, right?
So, again, here, we failed to, did we fail to distribute into it?
Yep, because we made a new low, right?
So here, Tuesday, right?
Again.
50%.
Now, what are we looking for?
If we fractalize that premium discount, right?
From here to here, 50%, we trade into it,
that H4 wick, that PO3, you know?
Again, we'll just get to the Thursday bit,
but I'm just showing you how I mark out premium discounts, right?
So Thursday, yeah, this is Thursday at 10.
Okay.
So we have previous day low.
Yep.
So this is, sorry, not previous day low.
This is previous, previous day low.
And this is previous day low from Wednesday, right?
So, ultimately, from this drop to here, right,
that's the current, when I'm approaching the chart on Thursday at 2 o'clock,
at 2 o'clock, I would then go to a lower time frame.
This little gray box is just marking out the Asian range.
It's the most lowest probability conditions.
I just mark it out as a, when we sweep,
one of these areas, typically we reverse from it.
Everyone should be familiar with the Asian range.
If not, you can Google it.
It's very, very, very well documented about what it is, right?
So...
This is a similar concept in terms of, like,
building up a range, liquidity either side.
Building up the range, sweep, reverse.
And typically, this doesn't sweep it today,
but it reverses, right?
Yeah.
What happens is we end up sweeping that,
we get that divergence at 2 o'clock,
which is what the 2 a.m. EST,
which is when I consider a London Open.
Yeah.
ES sweeps that.
This little red line that prints,
it sweeps it, and then it reverses.
So this is a good example of accumulation,
manipulation, distribution to the downside, right?
I'm not trading this
because it's low probability conditions for me, right?
So where is price most likely going to end up?
Based on this and this.
We can also just mark out,
because we would also mark out the hourly.
I can tell you that this is the hourly range.
So if we mark out this low...
Uh...
Right, I refer to this as the logical liquidity target,
which is basically, if we're marking a premium discount range,
it's the first high or low in that 50% drop, right?
So I want to see price trade into that area.
Once we hit that area, overall,
I'm waiting for price to show a characteristic for us to reverse.
And ultimately, what I'm looking for is I'm looking for that characteristic to form, right?
Do we get something?
What's the time?
Let's just mark this out.
Again, this will just consistently move
until we hit that 50% of that range, right?
Do we get it? Do we get it?
No, we just keep going lower, right?
Again, some people would draw it from here,
the premium discount from here to here.
But because ES actually took the high here,
in my head, this high right here is the high.
Okay.
Yeah?
So I don't care that this is the high,
or I don't care about this one.
I care about this is because this at 2 o'clock...
That's where you use...
...swept that liquidity.
Where I use that divergence because in my head,
from a logical perspective,
I'm treating this as that this liquidity has been swept
and we should not return there.
Okay.
So that is the new dealing range,
premium discount range that I want to see, right?
So we've traded way into discount, right?
Or premium if you're...
Well, it's discount because it's 50% lower, right?
And then what I'm waiting for is I'm waiting for...
We frant ran previous day low.
Yeah.
All right?
So to me, this is just engineered liquidity.
Yeah.
We're now inside of...
Premium.
Premium, right?
We've got that 10 a.m., right?
So if we mark out the previous 9 a.m. high,
which is right here,
that's our hourly PO3.
So right now, this is the area that I want to see price manipulate into
and trade away, but we're skipping something.
So what is that?
That is the daily.
Previous day high.
No, I'm still expecting to trade into some sort of low, right?
And then if we go on to the 4-hour,
and again, it's probably just going to skip forward,
but we mark out that previous 4-hour high,
and then if we go back to the hourly,
that previous 4-hour high is resting just around the EQ, right?
And then what I would do is I would say,
okay, we've hit that hourly high at 10 a.m., right?
Now what I want to see is I want to see price break down.
This is the...
This is the hourly PO3, what I'm looking for, right?
Yeah.
Hourly PO3 that is aligning with the H4 PO3.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is at 10.
So right now, we also have our eye on 10 a.m. high.
So as we approach into that 11 o'clock area,
so this is 10.30, so we can just keep moving this.
There's no confirmation breakdown right now, right?
Okay, we trade lower.
The H4 PO3 is looking good.
But in five minutes' time,
because I'm looking at the bottom of my screen right now, down here,
in five minutes' time, this candle is 10.55.
In five minutes' time, if I look at this,
do I want to see a reversal from here,
or do I want to see this high taken?
Most of the time, I want to see this high taken,
but I would wait for some sort of confirmation here, right?
So I would wait.
I would typically drop to a lower time frame at this point
once this SMT prints,
because it's...
It will show you a dotted line,
because it's saying the ES is trading above this high.
We have dual SMT, or dual divergence,
which means there's divergence at the lows and divergence at the high,
which means the range is getting tighter.
And now what I would look for is I would look for this inversion
that's either to hold or us to take the high,
follow through, and then trade back through this inversion,
and my trade would look like this, right?
So at this point...
This is where you would have a sell start.
So at this point, I would be anticipating,
and again, this is again due to my intuition,
is I'd be anticipating that this high would hold, right?
Again, SMT at the low to here,
this would be my logical liquidity target.
And again, a lot of people are going to not really like this,
but this trade isn't the sexiest of trades, right?
Again, this is what I would look for right now.
This is what my sell stop would look like, right?
Anticipating that if we reverse from here,
this will confirm the divergence between these two, right?
What happens?
I'm in this trade now, and at that point,
this will now be my stop loss, right?
And then price will...
You get a chance to enter because price trades,
and we can just zoom in,
price trades closes below the inversion right here.
You get to enter here, and you get to enter here, right?
So this is, right now,
we are entering inside of that four-hour wick, right?
Because this is the previous four-hour high,
and we're still in that four-hour candle.
We don't get a new four-hour candle until two o'clock, right?
So we're entering inside of that four-hour wick.
And also, you have to remember,
where did 11 o'clock open up?
Right here.
We are also entering inside of that hourly wick, right?
So the H4, previous four-hour high,
and the new hourly candle opened.
This...
This, as of right now,
is the area that I would want to go breakeven, right?
Because this hourly candle just flipped bearish.
And that's just really showcasing the aggressiveness of that breakeven.
Correct. Yeah.
I mean, this is not even ran...
This is just ran 1R.
It's just purely coincidental that it's 1R.
Yeah.
I don't care that it's 1R.
I just care that this hourly candle was flip break even.
Flip bearish, sorry.
It's hard to show that with TradingView replay mode.
So it's a bit difficult, right?
So...
But if you envisage that...
Let's just track this out of the way.
The 11 a.m. candle opened here.
Yeah.
And this is where it opened.
And now, this is what the candle looks like.
This is the wick.
This is the body, right?
So this would be my trade.
And I would be out, right?
And ultimately, I get out of this low.
Yeah.
I can tell you what happened.
Trump tweeted about tariffs.
Tariffs pausing.
Yeah.
Right?
Right.
But if you miss this trade for any reason,
would you enter here now?
No, because it hit discount.
And ultimately, we're anticipating the high.
The reality is, I closed my trade right here.
I don't care about this.
Yes.
Because if I, for whatever reason, was break even here,
and I was aiming for this low,
I would have got stopped out.
And then the move went against me.
Yeah.
So I would have missed out on, okay, a monstrous move.
But I still caught 381 ticks.
On one contract, that's quite a lot of money, right?
381 times five, I'm bad at math.
We know that, right?
It's a lot of money, right?
I'm trading more than one contract.
That is enough for a good amount of time.
And again, we can show you my trade seller in a minute for the trade that I took there
and how much that looks like, right?
So ultimately, and that is the trade from Thursday.
So it fits that four-hour, hourly PO3.
Yeah.
Trading it back to discount, and I'm done.
This trade runs, like, really, really runs.
Like, you know, I could have stayed in this pretty much all day until the close.
You know, it closes all the way over here.
All I need is this tiny little move in the market, waiting and waiting.
I could have tried to long the bottom here, here, here, here, here.
I could have shorted once we just traded above this high, no confirmation.
And this could have ran all the way up here.
Yeah.
Just like it ran all the way down here before trading higher.
Right?
I don't like to enter around the open as much as possible.
I entered twice this weekend.
I took two losers around the open.
So on this specific day, I avoided this move.
Okay.
And also, there's no confirmation.
This is, if you could rate it out of 10, this is a 12 plus.
This is a 12 setup.
It's the best ever.
SMT, four-hour high, trading above into discount with that inversion, straight into discount.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's, it could have just gone sky high.
You know, we got, we got a monstrous run over here because of some tariff tweet.
And it was just like.
The thing is by doing the basis over and over for the time that you do then feel the intuition,
you feel the market's in the right place and you decide to hold, you've already banked
a buffer.
Yeah, exactly.
You know, once.
Yeah, exactly.
Once you've done the reps enough time, it's like, Hey, I actually, I'm not going to do
know that this is or i have a gut feeling it's going to play out i've made a bunch of money i
can take a bit more of a risk that is purely purely intuition it's not it's not anything of
like okay there's some conformational factors there but it's betting on your your draw more
often than not this is purely just the model the low as you said that that's more than enough to
make a good income and it might not be where you start you might start with micros you might start
with a smaller capital but it's a through focusing on the the process and focusing on
uh the strategy and sticking to it and getting those bases in that's the only way to scale
right you have to start somewhere and build up that repetitions build up that repetitions and
then that's the only way really to scale let's take a break for a minute there guys because i
want to tell you about our incredible partnership with propfirmtrader.com majority of you out
there are prop firm traders you're using prop firms to leverage your trading skills to be able
to get more capital and to be able to absolutely change
you
so what's important to be able to find the right challenge for you with the best firms
and most of all the best prices and that is exactly what propfirmtrader.com does
propfirmtrader.com allows you to compare prop firms be able to find the best challenge suited
to your trading style and get you the exclusive best discounts in the entire industry so that
you're paying the cheapest price possible for your prop firm challenge so on propfirmtrader.com
you'll be able to use filters to be able to do that and find
the exact challenge for you be able to find your favorite prop firms on the future side we have the
biggest futures firm in the entire industry with apex trader funding giving us the best discount
possible right now it's actually 80 off using the code pft on the cfd side on forex side we
actually have a broker backed prop firm called atmos funded backed by torex and they are giving
an exclusive offer at 50 off all challenges again using the code pft
so make sure you go do that and not only that another exclusive offer only on prop firm trader
is with bright funded bright funded are giving up to 30 off all challenges and a free account of the
same size on your first payout and on top of that you can get an exclusive offer only on
propfirmtrader.com with alpha capital on their one-step challenge 25 off using pft1 so make
sure you go and do that and there's so many more exclusive discounts on propfirmtrader.com
it is the go-to site for all prop firm traders out there and one thing i'm really excited about
that i personally helped to organize was the giveaway of giveaways the seven figure giveaway
just through purchasing your challenges for the best price through propfirmtrader.com every single
week you will automatically be entered into an incredible giveaway a collaborative effort across
all of these firms on screen between 100 to 200k accounts over seven figures it means
that one person every single week who's made a purchase through propfirmtrader.com will be getting
seven figures in challenges that could completely revolutionize your trading journey again all you
do is for any of the firms on propfirmtrader.com use the code pft at checkout and you will
automatically be entered every single week the link for propfirmtrader.com is in the description
below now let's get back to the episode yeah but even if you took this with one micro it's 200
bucks you know
it's not in a day right in a day like that's if you want to class it sure let's just say it's a
day right because it's you waited around you were patient you did all those things you you made 200
bucks like where can you make 200 bucks by clicking a button and being a bit patient and
practicing all of those things it's really hard to just get that out of nowhere so a lot of people
go and work a very manual labor job for 12 hours a day 10 hours nine hours a day whatever
to make that money we do it and okay fine we may have some losers occasionally on the days
but over time we're going to be able to make that money and we're going to be able to make that money
over time you're going to make more than 190 bucks over time because you take one trade take
two trades that scales and scales and scales then suddenly you're making you know daily wages in
minutes and weekly wages in hours you know so um and then also so this is obviously around the
open so i'm just going to remove all my drawings again so that was that trade and then on monday i
actually took a a long or no no i didn't actually that's a lie okay so we get a drop at monday at
9 30 we get a drop and then we get that push up into discount here right again we just did the
daily in the four hour the fractality but this is the 9 30 drop big build up throughout asia
we have a big drop here this is really showing the asia side now where we've taken the high
then we could target the low as well took the high target the low yeah so if we just mark out
this to here yeah 50 pull back into 50 to then trade lower and then the asia's low sits above
50 as well exactly yeah so um again i'm just gonna we obviously know how that plays out because
so again right so a lot of people could just take this inversion right here right like i said 50
percent that breakdown what we're really missing is the key piece sometimes is that that divergence
right so if we break this down h4 trade above the high this is the h4 po3 the daily po3 looks like
we're trading above that daily high yeah we're trading above that that four hour resting high
yeah and if we go to that hourly it happened at 9 30 we manipulated higher and then traded lower
again i know some people that caught this trade from a very low time frame perspective where
you know they sell stop like this inversion with this being some sort of smt and they sell stop it
and they get into it and it and it falls off we can't catch those every day and i didn't personally
catch it right
so based on this this five minute i'm waiting for that smt to form yes right
and it's that three minute all right waiting for it to form and as soon as we close back below
with that smt yeah all i'm looking for is the first low inside of that discount i wouldn't
necessarily include this this trade is definitely not going to be a good trade for me i'm not going
to be a good trade for me i'm not going to be a good trade for me it's not the sexiest of trades
it's 1.26 right but it happens more or less straight away oh this was actually the one
that i got stopped on and then i re and i re-entered over here because we got again we
get that confirmation of smt and that happens sometimes right and based on that it's just it
is just the laws of probabilities right i would always just leave this because it's so such a low
risk to reward trade i would always just wait it out and then with the second trade
i would sell stop this based same area because my bias doesn't change the only way that this
changes is if we continue higher right and i would take i would always take two smt then off the back
of that yeah because this this was smt yeah yeah and then this went on to create smt again right
with nq taking the high and es failing right and then i would just sell stop this this trade at
this point because of my risk to reward and i got stopped i would just i would aim for a large
target but more or less because it's on the three minute as soon as we take out the 15 minute low
yes i would just be break even okay right so as soon as we take this low on this i'm now break
even my risk is nothing i'm not risking anything if i now get stopped break even on the day
my risk to reward is nothing and that was that and that was it and i walked away with a loser
on the day you know not every day can be a winner um and we can go from there that is
the the the trade and then again in the pm session and we'll come on to it again in the
pm session i did a i joined a stream with a one of my one of my friends a guy that i you know i trade
with sometimes in terms of i check in on his content he does a pm session every single day
um and then later on at like two o'clock with that h4po3 again uh we took another short and i
literally finished just above break even on the day on monday actually no it was quite that's a
lie it was quite a big day that's a lie that's a straight up lie um but we can go into the trade
there are quite a bit of break even trades in there and we can again we can we can show that and
there are also some losers right but the the number one thing is that i that i always wanted
to highlight by coming here and having this is that if we just respect 50 of the ranges and the
ranges are marked out correctly yeah we can really really really manage our risk you know i would
always take this trade with this smt we don't trade into 50 or we trade into 50 here but because of
that this is the first love of my life and i think that's the first love of my life and i think
that's the first love of my life and i think that's the first love of my life and i think
that's the first love of my life and i think i would never ever go break even on this trade
because it's bad or um and i would just accept my risk yeah and then i would always know that i
will get another shot at it or i'll be wrong and i'll walk away you know so it's great to highlight
as well yeah and um just before we move on to the trades elevate could i just ask until remember that
bitcoin uh daily chart could we just see the yeah yeah yeah daily okay so the bitcoin it's actually
already on my chart right so beautiful so this is just a very higher time frame it's funny because i
actually tweeted at casper about he was like give me a give me a fair value gap please make it work
so i uh i actually had that on so you can see this is the i can just come out of replay mode
so we know that it's up to date so here i used the divergence for um for eth right so this is
actually just a weekly po3 i'm trying to trade that that weekly wick right i don't get an entry
in here in this wick and then what i'm looking for is that daily imbalance with that smt to be
traded through right yes and then basically what happens is we trade through it i'm short
right and just for everybody there's a tweet all the way over here
the day i got short bear market confirmed it's over losers be happy happens be sad you bought
right and that's obviously time stamped you know i can't move that that's literally the
day that i got short on that and that is that smt we can get rid of this because we didn't go over
that it's that daily imbalance and then i'm looking for that 50 of that range this is a weekly
imbalance right so i wanted a good reaction out of here again this is this this trade took a while
right it's a more of a swing trade yeah they take a while yeah this holiday this trade took
you know nearly a month to play out i was in it for a while paid quite a bit in fees as well
because at some point the funding switched so um yeah ultimately it took a while but it's my model
to a t that divergence you could have tighter risk i don't really need that because i'm happy
with this risk to reward i'm happy with 2.25 how are you in terms of um you're going from like
really speedy scalp trades to then holding this sort of trade is it more was it any anything or
was it more so because you know the model
yeah i've got all those reps you just let the model play out it's a mixture of things right i
would i love to trade nq on a higher time frame yeah the margin requirements to do that are silly
so like the leveraged opportunities to day trade and intraday trade uh indices and specifically in
my case nq are are really beneficial right so i have to get in and i have to frame those lower
time frame trades because i have to get in and out of the market within the same day or i have
to have millions of dollars to get in and out of the market within the same day
millions of dollars to get in and out of the market within the same day or i have to have millions
in the account to fund the margin requirement to hold that um with this i don't need that i can
trade this all day every day because the market is open all of the time yeah and the margin
requirements are the same no matter what time or day so i would i would like to swing trade
in queue a bit more i don't because i want to if i'm going to trade a regulated asset i want to
trade it on a regulated broker yes with crypto it's a bit more risky of course as we know and
as people will know i've been burned with this a few times but this was like almost too good to
pass up on you know we dropped so heavily and then bought back and it's just like okay well
maybe we go to the high my risk is my risk and it is is what it is and you know was there a part
where you went break even here or just i actually never moved this trade i just left it and because
it was just like a i didn't even look at it you know it was like a i would check up on it every
couple of days oh we're up this much we're up that much oh i could move a break even but it's
just like especially the last couple of weeks yeah the trump tweets the crypto
tweets the crypto tweets the crypto tweets the crypto tweets the crypto tweets the crypto tweets
you know it's hard to keep up yeah it's hard to keep up like we we we drop and then suddenly
they announce american crypto reserve and it pumps 10 it's like at that point i was already
out of the trade but ultimately i was i was really wanting to see this and i don't you know
people ask me do you think bitcoin is a good buy right here i don't know because there's a lot to
go after right but all i know is right here oh right here this was the
area that i want to see nq trade into up here create that smt that stalling that side that
floating sideways action i drop and then if we continue higher great if we don't great you say
did you mean bitcoin you said thank you sorry yeah yeah i meant bitcoin yeah too much thank you
too much thank you yeah that divergence this case you said was eph with the leaf yeah yeah
with ethereum but there is very weak right so it's again like this divergence at the bottom
here and there was divergences along here which i i think is very weak right so it's again like
this divergence at the bottom here which i i think is very weak right so it's again like
knew and accepted that my bias was lower overall with indices and just in general the market yes
yeah you know and and we've seen over the recent weeks the market has heavily heavily corrected so
yeah well let's let's finish up with the trades yeah yeah we'll show you the overall uh stats on
trade zeller okay so this is the the trade zeller dashboard uh we'll just re-sync it so there's no
you know reason as you can see here that it's a a ninja trader account the balance shows here
as as 26 988 um and if we go to the dashboard um you'll see that the pnl is 26 988 um it is a
it was a 25k deposit um for those that don't know i recently announced a a partnership and a
basically a live trading program with ninja so ninja are my my broker of choice i guess now um
and normally i deposited 25k and they trades that i have the the auto sync feature so we can just
look at the trades um and then it will just show the statistics so over the period of the week
you know relatively low trading volume because obviously these count as in and out in and out
in and out um and as you can see my win rate is 50 50 85 83 all right and this is just this week
there was obviously last week as well um it's just a very low week i was trying to ramp that up
as you can see the volatility from the the week commencing second of march volatility is crazy
um and these are my statistics right the average win loss because of that break-even rate and i don't
mess with the if it's it right now my trades that are settings that if it's a minus it's classed as
a loss okay so um some of those break-even trades that i get whipped out on due to volatility do
count as losses and that's just how it is but overall um you know max drawdown consistency
winning rate my winning rate it says trade winning percentage here obviously i haven't had a losing
day but that's just because my break-even percentages are so high and i don't have a
and that why is why my average win loss is so low and then net daily pnl we obviously had that spike
on on monday as i was speaking about in the pm session where price really ran but overall it
was just trying to get that nice equity curve yeah spiral you know spiking i guess to some
degree here spiked with that 8k that 8k day um and then the rest of the days are around that 5k
2k again this was like using those base hits to build up the capital and then yeah this time it
will start to exponentially grow as well as
when you get those larger trades that you exactly use their intuition and have the base hits for
exactly this trade like i said uh like i explained earlier in the video sometimes when price really
really moving quite heavy you can just trail that and trail that aggressive stop loss and that was
what happened there we trailed it once it hit around that 10k mark that 10k floating pnl i
trailed it to just under nine um and then literally as soon as it just reversed whipped me out and
continued a little bit and it is what it is i didn't need to get back into that move or have
to go back and do that again and it's 8k on you know one day on a 25k account it's crazy right and
it's purely down to volatility it's not down to anything else it's just i'm in the trade at the
right time and price really starts to move quite heavy in the volume the volume just picks up and
i just trail but the reality is i could have got out of that trade at 3k 2k at 1k yeah but it's
purely my intuition that allows me to go this is really moving it's not slowing down so even
though showcasing the model as you have today um how important do you feel it is for traders
whether it's your model or any model that they're learning from someone or come across yeah how
important is it for them to collect the data to be able to have the confidence in it i've said this
loads right it's all about the reps it's having the confidence the the model is profitable over a
period of time it doesn't need to play out every day and sometimes you may take a loser for back
to back you know like my live streams the last couple of days i've taken a loser both times
yeah and then you know later on in the day i've looked at the market and gone all my models about
my models appeared and i've clicked the button and that's just how it is that's just you know
the devil the devil of the beast right so but the average person will probably stick around on the
chart a lot more and take those silly little trades because they're they're like the daily
the h4 or they'll be like oh we're trading into that daily poi and then they'll be trading a very
low time frame confirmation it's like but that could just pull back and continue you haven't got
the layers to that you need that confirmation of a daily it's above it's above your area on a daily
daily your area on a h1 and doing all of that consistently over you know years of data yeah
you know a couple of times three four times should take you a while and once you do that
in that repetition you'll spot it you'll be like oh i skipped a step yeah i took a loser there i
can't skip that step those steps are there for a reason and the logic of getting out getting in and
out at 50 percent of the the relative ranges is because the market is going if it's going to
continue it's going to continue from there and if it's going to continue without it it's a loser
congratulations it is what it is it's part of the game yeah so putting those reps in is for me is the
most important thing and that you know is why i personally use trade zeller and you know i know
you guys obviously work with them but um the journaling stuff inside of trade zeller allows
you to journal your bad trades the backtesting stuff you know they're one of the best futures
backtesting and obviously the automatic journaling for me is the the creme de la
creme i like to just i guess show off my statistics or or showcase my statistics
but yeah they're good stats but who knows tuesday because i don't really trade mondays and fridays
on tuesday i could have a loser and these statistics look worse of course right this
is a great run so far and it's no period of data to be you know oh an amazing trader because i got
six seven eight winning days back to back great i could have four losers next week but overall
i'm okay with that as long as over a period of three
four five six months the model the model is profitable and i don't care about losing short
time it's it just is what it is so okay i want to thank you again for breaking this all down for us
i know that there's so much value and so much for people to take away and drop a comment of
your biggest takeaway from this first initial chart fanatics episode so this is our first
of many to come and no better way than having came with us today the links for kane and the
lab will be in the description so make sure you go check those out hit subscribe and until next
time everyone
it's been chart for next take care
